
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.007599                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7598657500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                20574591500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
coh_msg_count::GETX                             56811                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::UPGRADE                           5317                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::GETS                            287823                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::GET_INSTR                          386                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::INV                             103183                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::PUTX                             26837                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::GETV                           2810012                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::PUTV                            651895                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::ATOMIC                          653766                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::MEMORY_ACK                       96892                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::DATA                           2961777                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::DATA_EXCLUSIVE                   98708                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::MEMORY_DATA                     185815                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::ACK                             112812                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::WB_ACK                          678732                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::UNBLOCK                           6058                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::EXCLUSIVE_UNBLOCK               159526                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_count::ATOMIC_RESP                     653765                       # number of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::GETX                            454488                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::UPGRADE                          42536                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::GETS                           2302584                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::GET_INSTR                         3088                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::INV                             825464                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::PUTX                           1795112                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::GETV                          22480096                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::PUTV                          46936440                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::ATOMIC                        47071152                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::MEMORY_ACK                      775136                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::DATA                         213247944                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::DATA_EXCLUSIVE                 7106976                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::MEMORY_DATA                   13378680                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::ACK                             902496                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::WB_ACK                         5429856                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::UNBLOCK                          48464                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::EXCLUSIVE_UNBLOCK              1276208                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
coh_msg_bytes::ATOMIC_RESP                   47071080                       # size of coherence msgs arriving in cache controllers
host_inst_rate                                  41370                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    41373                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1487216                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6883920                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5109.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   211374403                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     211388318                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu05.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu08.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu21.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu40.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       588032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            588048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu05.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu08.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu21.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu40.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total           16                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       189440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         189440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu05.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu08.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu21.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu40.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         9188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               9192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         2960                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2960                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu05.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu08.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu21.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu40.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     77386301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             77388407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu05.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu08.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu21.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu40.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total            2106                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     24930720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            24930720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu05.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu08.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu21.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu40.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0    102317021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           102319127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      1373632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1373632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl1       634304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         634304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        21463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              21463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         9911                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              9911                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1    180772985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            180772985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     83475798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            83475798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl1    264248783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           264248783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl2      1418624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           1418624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl2       728576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         728576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl2        22166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              22166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl2        11384                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             11384                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl2    186694031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            186694031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl2     95882200                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            95882200                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl2    282576231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           282576231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl3      1902144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           1902144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl3       789952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         789952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl3        29721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              29721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl3        12343                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             12343                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl3    250326324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            250326324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl3    103959417                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           103959417                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl3    354285741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           354285741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::.cpu22.data            8                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl4       916096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total            916104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl4       321088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         321088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::.cpu22.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl4        14314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              14315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl4         5017                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total              5017                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::.cpu22.data           1053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl4    120560244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total            120561297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl4     42255885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total            42255885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::.cpu22.data          1053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl4    162816129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total           162817182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl5       760128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total            760128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl5       266752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         266752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl5        11877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              11877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl5         4168                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total              4168                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl5    100034513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total            100034513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl5     35105149                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total            35105149                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl5    135139661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total           135139661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.cpu01.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.cpu11.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.cpu14.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.cpu24.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.cpu27.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.cpu35.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.cpu38.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.cpu46.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.cpu49.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.cpu51.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl6       817152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total            817192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::.cpu01.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::.cpu11.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::.cpu14.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::.cpu24.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::.cpu27.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::.cpu35.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::.cpu38.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::.cpu46.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::.cpu49.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::.cpu51.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::total           40                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl6       464064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         464064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.cpu01.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.cpu11.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.cpu14.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.cpu24.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.cpu27.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.cpu35.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.cpu38.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.cpu46.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.cpu49.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.cpu51.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl6        12768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              12778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl6         7251                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total              7251                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.cpu01.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.cpu11.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.cpu14.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.cpu24.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.cpu27.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.cpu35.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.cpu38.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.cpu46.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.cpu49.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.cpu51.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl6    107538996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total            107544260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::.cpu01.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::.cpu11.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::.cpu14.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::.cpu24.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::.cpu27.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::.cpu35.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::.cpu38.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::.cpu46.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::.cpu49.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::.cpu51.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::total            5264                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl6     61071841                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total            61071841                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.cpu01.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.cpu11.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.cpu14.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.cpu24.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.cpu27.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.cpu35.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.cpu38.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.cpu46.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.cpu49.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.cpu51.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl6    168610837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total           168616101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::.cpu02.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::.cpu22.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::.cpu50.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::.cpu62.inst            4                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl7       562560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total            562576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::.cpu02.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::.cpu22.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::.cpu50.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::.cpu62.inst            4                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::total           16                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl7       159616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         159616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::.cpu02.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::.cpu22.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::.cpu50.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::.cpu62.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl7         8790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total               8794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl7         2494                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total              2494                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::.cpu02.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::.cpu22.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::.cpu50.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::.cpu62.inst            526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl7     74034130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total             74036236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::.cpu02.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::.cpu22.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::.cpu50.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::.cpu62.inst          526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::total            2106                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl7     21005816                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total            21005816                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::.cpu02.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::.cpu22.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::.cpu50.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::.cpu62.inst           526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl7     95039946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            95042052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters00.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.002250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters00.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   997.504954                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters00.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001657                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters00.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.840630                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters00.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001575                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters00.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 16681.792738                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters00.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001792                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters00.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 17214.030174                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby_am.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters01.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.003036                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters01.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.984076                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters01.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001544                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters01.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.968547                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters01.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001517                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters01.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 15332.020097                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters01.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.002428                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters01.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 15326.286585                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters02.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.003313                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters02.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.945122                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters02.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001354                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters02.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.945253                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters02.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001337                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters02.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14327.511998                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters02.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.002655                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters02.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 14143.712820                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters03.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.003275                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters03.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.973153                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters03.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters03.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.925382                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters03.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001292                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters03.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 13666.320334                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters03.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.002626                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters03.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 13762.871731                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters04.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001812                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters04.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.984734                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters04.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001690                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters04.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.814309                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters04.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001664                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters04.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 13869.682178                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters04.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001451                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters04.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 13937.862774                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters05.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001762                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters05.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.961441                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters05.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001407                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters05.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.963678                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters05.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001367                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters05.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14385.255225                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters05.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001411                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters05.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 14433.709046                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters06.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001802                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters06.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.825759                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters06.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001489                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters06.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.937752                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters06.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001454                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters06.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 15322.162699                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters06.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001439                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters06.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 15362.619318                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters07.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters07.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.964599                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters07.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001521                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters07.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.899982                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters07.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001494                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters07.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 17155.975185                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters07.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001389                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters07.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 17030.615936                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters08.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001797                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters08.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.966178                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters08.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001411                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters08.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.965257                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters08.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters08.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 15124.327226                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters08.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001437                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters08.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 14839.432689                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters09.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001781                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters09.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.899456                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters09.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001277                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters09.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.791937                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters09.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001253                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters09.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 13814.119072                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters09.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001418                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters09.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 14147.027484                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters10.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001859                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters10.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.830628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters10.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001325                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters10.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.774302                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters10.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001290                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters10.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 12555.338690                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters10.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001490                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters10.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 12786.051549                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters11.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001747                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters11.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.983813                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters11.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001519                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters11.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.960256                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters11.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001462                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters11.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 12293.909483                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters11.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001401                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters11.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 12507.519717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters12.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001922                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters12.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.953808                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters12.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001508                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters12.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.890902                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters12.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001486                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters12.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 12623.159485                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters12.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001537                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters12.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 12819.605766                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters13.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001902                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters13.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.930514                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters13.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001549                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters13.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.865239                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters13.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001527                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters13.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 12895.869764                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters13.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001521                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters13.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 13039.632396                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters14.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001814                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters14.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.988551                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters14.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001536                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters14.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.954597                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters14.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001510                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters14.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14131.965613                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters14.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001451                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters14.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 14353.565153                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters15.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001893                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters15.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.984734                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters15.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001437                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters15.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.869845                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters15.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001421                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters15.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 15682.585970                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters15.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001516                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters15.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 15525.602713                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters16.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001479                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters16.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.940121                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters16.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001353                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters16.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.982234                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters16.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001285                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters16.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14539.258481                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters16.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001183                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters16.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 14305.184896                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters17.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001822                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters17.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.956966                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters17.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001467                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters17.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.926040                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters17.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001446                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters17.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 13017.237782                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters17.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001464                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters17.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 12898.475883                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters18.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001843                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters18.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.956308                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters18.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001526                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters18.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.877873                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters18.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001512                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters18.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 12117.321053                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters18.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001472                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters18.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 12010.345051                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters19.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001724                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters19.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.871293                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters19.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001649                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters19.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.881558                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters19.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001592                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters19.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 11460.791923                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters19.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001377                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters19.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 11442.910607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters20.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001818                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters20.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.956571                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters20.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001612                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters20.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.850895                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters20.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001582                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters20.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 11525.661408                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters20.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001455                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters20.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 11608.604875                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters21.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001812                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters21.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.953676                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters21.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001454                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters21.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.987629                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters21.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001436                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters21.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 12111.029415                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters21.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001444                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters21.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 11834.686390                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters22.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001744                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters22.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.967494                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters22.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001494                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters22.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.964862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters22.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001467                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters22.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 13100.644356                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters22.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001393                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters22.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 13127.392372                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters23.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001816                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters23.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.936305                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters23.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters23.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.948544                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters23.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001416                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters23.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14697.829912                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters23.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001453                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters23.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 14813.560620                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters24.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001682                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters24.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.792463                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters24.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001470                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters24.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.965257                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters24.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001449                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters24.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14149.191551                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters24.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001343                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters24.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 13835.336373                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters25.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001579                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters25.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.949070                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters25.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001468                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters25.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.679812                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters25.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001424                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters25.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 12603.289792                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters25.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001264                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters25.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 12424.843796                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters26.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001700                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters26.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.780356                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters26.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001616                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters26.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.980128                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters26.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001571                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters26.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 11588.893894                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters26.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters26.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 11888.516951                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters27.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001782                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters27.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.979602                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters27.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters27.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.985129                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters27.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001422                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters27.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 11191.905084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters27.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001423                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters27.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 11014.773268                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters28.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001764                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters28.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.879058                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters28.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters28.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.947886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters28.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001422                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters28.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 11273.023623                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters28.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001408                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters28.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 11206.103117                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters29.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001870                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters29.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.986050                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters29.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001488                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters29.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.833655                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters29.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001476                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters29.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 11955.165304                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters29.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001499                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters29.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 11668.434391                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters30.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001990                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters30.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.961704                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters30.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001410                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters30.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.982102                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters30.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001395                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters30.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 12832.118897                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters30.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001589                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters30.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 12889.415333                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters31.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001714                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters31.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.937489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters31.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001442                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters31.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.902614                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters31.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters31.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14371.229721                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters31.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001373                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters31.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 14944.283183                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters32.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001784                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters32.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.934594                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters32.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001604                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters32.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.959467                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters32.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001584                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters32.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14188.868824                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters32.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001426                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters32.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 14012.498984                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters33.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001784                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters33.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.794701                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters33.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001389                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters33.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.971311                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters33.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001377                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters33.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 12731.570084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters33.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001423                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters33.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 12595.913226                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters34.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001664                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters34.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.856290                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters34.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001596                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters34.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.935515                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters34.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001550                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters34.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 11725.466439                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters34.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001327                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters34.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 11709.255549                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters35.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001830                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters35.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.975259                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters35.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001419                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters35.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.834576                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters35.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001405                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters35.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 11314.875622                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters35.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001464                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters35.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 11259.851164                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters36.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001810                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters36.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.945253                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters36.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001413                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters36.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.912353                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters36.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001387                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters36.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 11372.107178                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters36.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters36.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 11407.423022                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters37.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001660                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters37.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.913011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters37.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001507                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters37.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.876031                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters37.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001466                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters37.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 11890.380175                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters37.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001328                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters37.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 12019.777375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters38.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001529                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters38.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.986445                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters38.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001589                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters38.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.952755                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters38.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001529                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters38.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 12923.393442                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters38.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters38.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 13307.698958                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters39.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001513                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters39.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.849973                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters39.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001361                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters39.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.910116                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters39.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001288                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters39.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14505.030856                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters39.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters39.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 14834.652502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters40.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001666                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters40.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.964731                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters40.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001277                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters40.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.877478                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters40.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001253                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters40.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14710.941966                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters40.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001331                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters40.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 14218.139783                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters41.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001645                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters41.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.804834                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters41.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001593                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters41.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.955782                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters41.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001567                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters41.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 13265.344502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters41.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001317                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters41.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 13279.109830                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters42.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001761                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters42.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.816283                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters42.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001589                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters42.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.954860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters42.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001563                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters42.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 12320.767517                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters42.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001409                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters42.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 12137.536466                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters43.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001756                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters43.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.950781                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters43.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001526                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters43.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.780224                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters43.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001489                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters43.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 11854.360392                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters43.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001403                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters43.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 12035.032438                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters44.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001713                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters44.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.947491                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters44.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters44.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.765090                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters44.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001186                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters44.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 12170.159860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters44.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001368                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters44.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 11938.792148                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters45.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001854                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters45.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.817468                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters45.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001551                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters45.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.775092                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters45.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001526                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters45.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 12549.892990                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters45.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001481                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters45.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 12095.189511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters46.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001623                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters46.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.982102                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters46.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001549                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters46.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.949202                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters46.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001510                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters46.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 13514.912273                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters46.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001295                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters46.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 13452.863153                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters47.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001829                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters47.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.966310                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters47.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters47.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.924724                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters47.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001607                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters47.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14990.298024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters47.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters47.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 15163.159216                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters48.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001463                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters48.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.919459                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters48.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001430                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters48.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.839840                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters48.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001382                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters48.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 15672.667113                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters48.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001167                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters48.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 16206.563792                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters49.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001660                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters49.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.972232                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters49.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001454                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters49.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.981970                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters49.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001436                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters49.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14483.991218                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters49.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters49.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 14341.669762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters50.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001670                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters50.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.950912                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters50.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001467                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters50.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.836418                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters50.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001434                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters50.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 13350.240421                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters50.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001336                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters50.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 13368.153321                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters51.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001678                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters51.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.819837                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters51.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001471                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters51.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.924855                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters51.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001449                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters51.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 12844.977483                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters51.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001344                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters51.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 13063.360665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters52.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001566                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters52.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.958414                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters52.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001401                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters52.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.942621                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters52.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001364                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters52.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 12913.167425                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters52.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001252                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters52.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 12828.202416                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters53.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001748                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters53.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.971574                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters53.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001453                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters53.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.985261                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters53.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001435                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters53.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 13706.120786                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters53.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001399                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters53.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 13703.907237                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters54.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001779                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters54.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.955387                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters54.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001550                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters54.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.932093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters54.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001532                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters54.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14458.130991                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters54.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001423                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters54.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 14512.544156                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters55.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001724                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters55.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.958677                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters55.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001435                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters55.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.973285                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters55.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001416                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters55.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 16236.835191                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters55.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001375                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters55.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 16173.639160                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters56.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001688                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters56.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.922486                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters56.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001474                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters56.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.818784                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters56.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001453                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters56.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 17573.734768                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters56.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001348                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters56.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 17093.988445                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters57.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001690                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters57.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.903799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters57.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001390                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters57.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.951044                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters57.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001367                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters57.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 16032.844814                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters57.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001353                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters57.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 15934.866981                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters58.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001630                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters58.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.925776                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters58.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001521                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters58.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.957229                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters58.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001494                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters58.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14853.413184                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters58.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001302                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters58.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 15218.991712                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters59.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001586                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters59.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.927619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters59.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001513                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters59.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.784436                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters59.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001489                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters59.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14510.404174                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters59.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001267                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters59.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 14984.683609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters60.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001610                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters60.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.926434                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters60.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001557                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters60.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.981049                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters60.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001527                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters60.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 14663.474370                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters60.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001290                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters60.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 14923.970913                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters61.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001658                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters61.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.907220                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters61.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001595                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters61.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.782725                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters61.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001562                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters61.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 15237.559070                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters61.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001328                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters61.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 15750.897379                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters62.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001769                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters62.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.929066                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters62.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001645                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters62.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.817205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters62.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001632                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters62.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 16193.112204                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters62.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001416                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters62.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 16096.858886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.adapters63.cpuReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001694                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters63.cpuReqBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.954202                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters63.cpuRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001183                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters63.cpuRespBuffer.avg_stall_time   999.958019                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters63.networkReqBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001175                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters63.networkReqBuffer.avg_stall_time 17863.565044                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters63.networkRespBuffer.avg_buf_msgs     0.001360                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.adapters63.networkRespBuffer.avg_stall_time 17751.661328                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.adapters63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers00.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001792                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers00.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 16216.531932                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers00.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001573                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers00.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 15681.155520                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers00.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002853                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers00.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  6032.706830                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers00.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002634                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers00.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  5992.392605                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers00.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001195                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers00.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  9108.782966                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers00.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers00.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  8056.658430                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.194666                      
system.am_network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0        44376                      
system.am_network.routers00.msg_count.Control::1        44376                      
system.am_network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0       355008                      
system.am_network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::1       355008                      
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.002428                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 14326.311590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001516                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 14331.678852                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002634                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time 11323.114642                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002853                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time 10508.350060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.004732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  6951.046287                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.005026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  5847.617163                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  7493.282991                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001637                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers01.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  6498.218797                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.275809                      
system.am_network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0        83831                      
system.am_network.routers01.msg_count.Control::1        83831                      
system.am_network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0       670648                      
system.am_network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::1       670648                      
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.002655                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 13143.774410                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001336                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13326.811874                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.005026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time 11136.373366                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.004732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  9676.038299                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.005534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  7956.556405                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.006687                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  6487.996335                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001254                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  6636.007216                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001715                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers02.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  5681.832744                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.361732                      
system.am_network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0       109947                      
system.am_network.routers02.msg_count.Control::1       109947                      
system.am_network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0       879576                      
system.am_network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::1       879576                      
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.002626                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 12762.905026                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001291                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 12665.829458                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.006687                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time 10441.712499                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.005534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  9031.522212                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.005368                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  8619.943984                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.007383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  7444.869177                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  6098.513586                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001721                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers03.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  5604.878099                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.398245                      
system.am_network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0       121045                      
system.am_network.routers03.msg_count.Control::1       121045                      
system.am_network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0       968360                      
system.am_network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::1       968360                      
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001451                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 12937.885278                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001662                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 12869.183274                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.007383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  9437.350479                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.005368                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  8996.641841                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.005094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  9353.555808                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.006494                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  8867.899627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  5958.500301                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001662                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers04.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  6146.492587                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.379653                      
system.am_network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       115394                      
system.am_network.routers04.msg_count.Control::1       115394                      
system.am_network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0       923152                      
system.am_network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::1       923152                      
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001411                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 13433.750632                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001366                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13384.743161                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.006494                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  8506.719903                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.005094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  8181.092383                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.004048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time 10521.212334                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.005031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time 10314.901285                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001293                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  6563.951329                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001755                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers05.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  7025.233076                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.331160                      
system.am_network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       100655                      
system.am_network.routers05.msg_count.Control::1       100655                      
system.am_network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0       805240                      
system.am_network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::1       805240                      
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001439                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 14362.800008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001453                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 14321.594835                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.005031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  7308.896209                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.004049                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  7092.210697                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.002338                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time 11235.830673                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.002832                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time 11736.906817                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001266                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  7520.607555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001742                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers06.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  8170.821491                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.251875                      
system.am_network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        76556                      
system.am_network.routers06.msg_count.Control::1        76557                      
system.am_network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       612448                      
system.am_network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::1       612456                      
system.am_network.routers07.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001389                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers07.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 16030.656206                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers07.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers07.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 16155.005014                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers07.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002832                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers07.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  6128.156322                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers07.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002338                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers07.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  6388.135800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers07.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers07.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  8966.624565                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers07.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001649                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers07.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  9899.663723                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.182648                      
system.am_network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        41636                      
system.am_network.routers07.msg_count.Control::1        41637                      
system.am_network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       333088                      
system.am_network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::1       333096                      
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001437                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 13839.470064                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 14124.142720                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  7969.393804                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001195                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  8070.139232                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001988                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  5179.492693                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001967                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  5632.247143                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001974                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time 10111.100810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002488                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers08.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  9502.774274                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.175794                      
system.am_network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0        53432                      
system.am_network.routers08.msg_count.Control::1        53432                      
system.am_network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0       427456                      
system.am_network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::1       427456                      
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001418                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 13147.132108                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001253                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 12813.582530                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001637                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  7952.340397                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  7904.207816                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001967                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time 11092.189245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001988                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time 11288.465891                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.003361                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  6310.543935                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.003428                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  6518.945879                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  8588.750446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002543                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers09.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  8089.994713                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.208990                      
system.am_network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0        79402                      
system.am_network.routers09.msg_count.Control::1        79402                      
system.am_network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0       635216                      
system.am_network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::1       635216                      
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001490                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 11786.223421                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001288                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 11554.184407                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001715                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  7878.077410                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001254                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  7873.617281                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.003428                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time 10159.178775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.003361                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time 10321.171998                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.004222                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  7214.115520                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.004384                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  7482.041794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  7583.607236                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002647                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers10.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  7178.353018                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.258683                      
system.am_network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0        98282                      
system.am_network.routers10.msg_count.Control::1        98282                      
system.am_network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0       786256                      
system.am_network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::1       786256                      
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001401                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 11507.541036                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001460                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 11292.618334                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001721                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  7893.409988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  8297.985401                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.004384                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  9064.084412                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.004222                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  9407.028545                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.004622                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  8135.985468                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.004668                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  8568.618074                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  7132.542689                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers11.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  6897.332324                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.284470                      
system.am_network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       108079                      
system.am_network.routers11.msg_count.Control::1       108080                      
system.am_network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0       864632                      
system.am_network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::1       864640                      
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001537                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 11819.658933                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001484                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 11621.890708                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001662                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  7751.791023                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  7901.923071                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.004668                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  8031.170374                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.004622                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  8345.158470                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.004356                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  9024.512949                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.004437                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  9497.964739                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  6909.046236                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers12.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  7320.538792                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.286018                      
system.am_network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       108667                      
system.am_network.routers12.msg_count.Control::1       108668                      
system.am_network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0       869336                      
system.am_network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::1       869344                      
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001521                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 12039.706751                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001525                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 11895.408498                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001755                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  7930.820543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001293                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  7910.072536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.004437                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  7041.220768                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.004356                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  7382.656740                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.003493                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  9999.479381                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.003535                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time 10418.158997                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  7595.336414                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002646                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers13.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  8028.683620                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.267081                      
system.am_network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       101473                      
system.am_network.routers13.msg_count.Control::1       101473                      
system.am_network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0       811784                      
system.am_network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::1       811784                      
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001451                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 13353.579892                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001508                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13131.171262                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001742                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  8121.378415                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001266                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  8081.447413                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.003535                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  6112.411567                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.003493                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  6534.639310                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time 10942.023640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001994                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time 11489.427704                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  8412.574457                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002651                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers14.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  9127.723023                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.218249                      
system.am_network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0        82920                      
system.am_network.routers14.msg_count.Control::1        82920                      
system.am_network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0       663360                      
system.am_network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::1       663360                      
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001516                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 14525.624691                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001420                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 14681.824388                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001649                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  7917.890627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  8053.849644                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001994                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  5017.224819                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.002072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  5583.593549                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  9885.694677                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002491                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers15.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time 10847.224394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.181042                      
system.am_network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0        55026                      
system.am_network.routers15.msg_count.Control::1        55028                      
system.am_network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0       440208                      
system.am_network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::1       440224                      
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001183                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 13305.248328                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001284                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13539.036863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002488                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  7039.561001                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001974                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  7180.753048                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001597                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  4748.641059                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001547                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  5671.616862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002522                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time 11091.513863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002984                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers16.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time 10824.017270                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.194738                      
system.am_network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0        59190                      
system.am_network.routers16.msg_count.Control::1        59190                      
system.am_network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0       473520                      
system.am_network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::1       473520                      
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001464                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 11898.523259                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001444                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 12016.059416                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002543                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  6965.705192                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  7078.847809                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001547                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  9793.266244                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001597                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time 10675.130311                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002842                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  5608.495316                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002830                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  6038.876867                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002553                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  9572.780981                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.003011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers17.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  9292.915492                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.218983                      
system.am_network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0        83199                      
system.am_network.routers17.msg_count.Control::1        83199                      
system.am_network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0       665592                      
system.am_network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::1       665592                      
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001472                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 11010.393876                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001511                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 11116.865446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002647                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  6960.659168                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  6942.627432                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.002830                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  9271.433540                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.002842                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  9913.451948                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.003662                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  6539.170505                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.003592                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  6954.303178                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002571                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  8525.718787                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.003158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers18.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  8353.954629                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.263641                      
system.am_network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0       100166                      
system.am_network.routers18.msg_count.Control::1       100166                      
system.am_network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0       801328                      
system.am_network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::1       801328                      
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001377                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 10443.042867                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001590                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 10459.812539                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  6883.561735                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  7106.608108                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.003592                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  8431.236439                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.003662                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  8889.998924                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.003974                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  7396.308361                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.003814                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  7905.394210                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002637                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  8044.299536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.003042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers19.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  8129.984408                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.284069                      
system.am_network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0       107927                      
system.am_network.routers19.msg_count.Control::1       107927                      
system.am_network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0       863416                      
system.am_network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::1       863416                      
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001455                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 10608.652647                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001581                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 10525.435842                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  6889.826525                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  6995.419915                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.003814                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  7517.112464                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.003974                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  8027.299032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.003733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  8329.800231                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.003581                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  8843.652842                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002581                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  7969.375775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002869                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers20.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  8429.634314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.281644                      
system.am_network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0       107006                      
system.am_network.routers20.msg_count.Control::1       107006                      
system.am_network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0       856048                      
system.am_network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::1       856048                      
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001444                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 10834.737057                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001435                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 11110.387197                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002646                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  7053.640067                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  6874.853749                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.003581                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  6615.456480                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.003733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  7054.070669                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002962                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  9278.845902                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002871                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  9694.990990                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002689                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  8569.402030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.003135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers21.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  8997.015328                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.266447                      
system.am_network.routers21.msg_count.Control::0       101232                      
system.am_network.routers21.msg_count.Control::1       101232                      
system.am_network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::0       809856                      
system.am_network.routers21.msg_bytes.Control::1       809856                      
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001393                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 12127.431063                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001465                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 12099.855138                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002651                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  7071.329640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  6975.357555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.002871                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  5673.512328                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.002962                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  6078.322519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001739                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time 10311.473704                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001629                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time 10661.021108                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002653                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  9406.123515                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.003137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers22.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 10106.884144                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.226129                      
system.am_network.routers22.msg_count.Control::0        85914                      
system.am_network.routers22.msg_count.Control::1        85914                      
system.am_network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::0       687312                      
system.am_network.routers22.msg_bytes.Control::1       687312                      
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001453                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 13813.630238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001415                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13697.196774                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002491                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  6931.350702                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  7044.198794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001629                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  4624.919731                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001739                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  5084.982578                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002585                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time 10931.958177                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002921                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers23.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time 11770.951382                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.203946                      
system.am_network.routers23.msg_count.Control::0        61988                      
system.am_network.routers23.msg_count.Control::1        61989                      
system.am_network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::0       495904                      
system.am_network.routers23.msg_bytes.Control::1       495912                      
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001343                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 12835.548779                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001449                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13148.749631                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002984                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  5970.710221                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002522                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  6007.615688                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001375                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  4083.377623                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001334                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  4621.150117                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time 12203.477391                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.003076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers24.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time 11948.610395                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.209521                      
system.am_network.routers24.msg_count.Control::0        63683                      
system.am_network.routers24.msg_count.Control::1        63683                      
system.am_network.routers24.msg_bytes.Control::0       509464                      
system.am_network.routers24.msg_bytes.Control::1       509464                      
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001264                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 11424.897753                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001424                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 11603.499960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  5966.707277                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002553                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  6129.357850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001334                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  9861.649509                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001375                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time 10334.044533                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002376                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  5112.407949                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002270                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  5492.901213                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002757                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 10443.270012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.003121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers25.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 10345.212822                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers25.percent_links_utilized     0.214839                      
system.am_network.routers25.msg_count.Control::0        81624                      
system.am_network.routers25.msg_count.Control::1        81625                      
system.am_network.routers25.msg_bytes.Control::0       652992                      
system.am_network.routers25.msg_bytes.Control::1       653000                      
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 10888.740675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001569                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 10587.777513                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  5960.712929                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002571                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  6079.181619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.002270                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  8981.707756                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.002376                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  9365.644786                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.003077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  6025.378694                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002817                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  6480.702413                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002734                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  9602.443853                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.003264                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers26.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  9551.341010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.251942                      
system.am_network.routers26.msg_count.Control::0        95720                      
system.am_network.routers26.msg_count.Control::1        95722                      
system.am_network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::0       765760                      
system.am_network.routers26.msg_bytes.Control::1       765776                      
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001423                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 10014.797483                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001420                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 10190.737641                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  5991.819082                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002637                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  5996.256049                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.002817                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  8075.807075                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.003077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  8416.247212                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.003266                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  7059.954735                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.003039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  7427.066820                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002786                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  9043.693179                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.003161                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers27.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  9212.577090                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers27.percent_links_utilized     0.266689                      
system.am_network.routers27.msg_count.Control::0       101323                      
system.am_network.routers27.msg_count.Control::1       101325                      
system.am_network.routers27.msg_bytes.Control::0       810584                      
system.am_network.routers27.msg_bytes.Control::1       810600                      
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001408                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 10206.227086                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001421                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 10272.492871                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002869                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  6023.608776                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002581                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  5985.087893                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.003039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  7120.225513                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.003266                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  7432.601745                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.003060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  8060.507530                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002886                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  8492.479099                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002719                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  8945.858134                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002942                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers28.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  9432.956940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers28.percent_links_utilized     0.261905                      
system.am_network.routers28.msg_count.Control::0        99506                      
system.am_network.routers28.msg_count.Control::1        99507                      
system.am_network.routers28.msg_bytes.Control::0       796048                      
system.am_network.routers28.msg_bytes.Control::1       796056                      
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001499                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 10668.451631                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001475                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 10954.484658                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  6022.825610                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002689                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  5954.795831                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.002886                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  6110.669944                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.003060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  6414.318845                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  9028.619068                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002296                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  9422.294530                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002817                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  9707.101025                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.003262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers29.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  9993.686122                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers29.percent_links_utilized     0.255635                      
system.am_network.routers29.msg_count.Control::0        97124                      
system.am_network.routers29.msg_count.Control::1        97124                      
system.am_network.routers29.msg_bytes.Control::0       776992                      
system.am_network.routers29.msg_bytes.Control::1       776992                      
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001589                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 11889.458762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001394                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 11831.696323                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  6093.150270                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002653                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  6100.064123                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.002296                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  5185.592191                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.002445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  5556.097902                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001369                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  9585.426768                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time 10296.463552                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002728                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 10572.144882                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.003321                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers30.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 11032.310905                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers30.percent_links_utilized     0.222379                      
system.am_network.routers30.msg_count.Control::0        84489                      
system.am_network.routers30.msg_count.Control::1        84489                      
system.am_network.routers30.msg_bytes.Control::0       675912                      
system.am_network.routers30.msg_bytes.Control::1       675912                      
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001373                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 13944.350037                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001381                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13370.472745                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002921                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  5910.903208                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002585                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  6256.891168                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  4165.010465                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001369                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  4931.437559                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002744                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time 12199.685273                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.003009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers31.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time 12714.545299                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers31.percent_links_utilized     0.208614                      
system.am_network.routers31.msg_count.Control::0        63407                      
system.am_network.routers31.msg_count.Control::1        63408                      
system.am_network.routers31.msg_bytes.Control::0       507256                      
system.am_network.routers31.msg_bytes.Control::1       507264                      
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001426                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 13012.571102                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001581                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13187.480553                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  4972.456516                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  5023.721230                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  3572.457503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  3849.156380                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time 13251.342623                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002715                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers32.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time 13025.611826                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers32.percent_links_utilized     0.200884                      
system.am_network.routers32.msg_count.Control::0        61058                      
system.am_network.routers32.msg_count.Control::1        61058                      
system.am_network.routers32.msg_bytes.Control::0       488464                      
system.am_network.routers32.msg_bytes.Control::1       488464                      
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001423                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 11596.122868                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001376                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 11731.165934                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  4979.547374                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002757                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  5003.427382                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  9579.779587                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  9722.344639                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001803                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  4567.324689                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001833                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  4817.724841                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002546                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 11543.490545                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002899                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers33.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 11494.966578                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers33.percent_links_utilized     0.199046                      
system.am_network.routers33.msg_count.Control::0        75624                      
system.am_network.routers33.msg_count.Control::1        75624                      
system.am_network.routers33.msg_bytes.Control::0       604992                      
system.am_network.routers33.msg_bytes.Control::1       604992                      
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001327                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 10709.404128                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001549                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 10724.941610                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003264                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  4987.088180                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002734                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  5068.768134                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001832                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  8564.569071                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001803                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  8801.269041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  5499.568970                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002241                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  5854.091331                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002577                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 10803.953067                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002972                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers34.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 10626.533964                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers34.percent_links_utilized     0.225970                      
system.am_network.routers34.msg_count.Control::0        85853                      
system.am_network.routers34.msg_count.Control::1        85854                      
system.am_network.routers34.msg_bytes.Control::0       686824                      
system.am_network.routers34.msg_bytes.Control::1       686832                      
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001464                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 10259.881038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001404                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 10314.458706                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003161                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  4935.600401                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002786                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  5006.698485                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.002241                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  7660.800083                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.002298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  7885.238281                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002397                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  6657.870288                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002418                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  6773.597836                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002555                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 10167.250070                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002911                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers35.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 10310.874651                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers35.percent_links_utilized     0.236368                      
system.am_network.routers35.msg_count.Control::0        89804                      
system.am_network.routers35.msg_count.Control::1        89804                      
system.am_network.routers35.msg_bytes.Control::0       718432                      
system.am_network.routers35.msg_bytes.Control::1       718432                      
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 10407.481585                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001386                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 10371.522865                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002942                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  5089.076590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002719                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  4995.785111                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.002418                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  6706.060512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.002397                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  6878.885383                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  7626.559955                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002297                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  7894.030623                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002485                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  9936.822525                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002683                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers36.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 10331.541328                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers36.percent_links_utilized     0.229643                      
system.am_network.routers36.msg_count.Control::0        87249                      
system.am_network.routers36.msg_count.Control::1        87249                      
system.am_network.routers36.msg_bytes.Control::0       697992                      
system.am_network.routers36.msg_bytes.Control::1       697992                      
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001328                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 11019.867128                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001466                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 10890.261996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  4990.229393                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002817                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  5076.171021                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.002297                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  5563.785313                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.002192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  5976.399779                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001730                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  8491.190977                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001809                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  8863.269860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002677                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 10556.989180                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.003010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers37.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 11029.500541                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers37.percent_links_utilized     0.225879                      
system.am_network.routers37.msg_count.Control::0        85819                      
system.am_network.routers37.msg_count.Control::1        85819                      
system.am_network.routers37.msg_bytes.Control::0       686552                      
system.am_network.routers37.msg_bytes.Control::1       686552                      
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 12307.716067                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001528                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 11922.533685                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003321                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  5047.591762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002728                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  5169.555674                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001809                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  4616.172791                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001730                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  5166.823745                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  9124.930424                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000963                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  9736.520563                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 11558.628349                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.003056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers38.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 12103.191254                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers38.percent_links_utilized     0.200083                      
system.am_network.routers38.msg_count.Control::0        76018                      
system.am_network.routers38.msg_count.Control::1        76018                      
system.am_network.routers38.msg_bytes.Control::0       608144                      
system.am_network.routers38.msg_bytes.Control::1       608144                      
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 13834.805029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001287                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13504.441278                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  4892.438566                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002744                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  5230.442614                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000963                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  3651.326435                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  4350.367285                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002666                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time 12962.977211                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002798                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers39.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time 13723.478127                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers39.percent_links_utilized     0.196168                      
system.am_network.routers39.msg_count.Control::0        59624                      
system.am_network.routers39.msg_count.Control::1        59625                      
system.am_network.routers39.msg_bytes.Control::0       476992                      
system.am_network.routers39.msg_bytes.Control::1       477000                      
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001331                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 13218.178079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001253                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13710.714294                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002715                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  4136.956166                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  4039.575675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000682                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  3279.699999                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  3480.201996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001920                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time 14152.245710                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers40.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time 14179.550402                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers40.percent_links_utilized     0.166200                      
system.am_network.routers40.msg_count.Control::0        50516                      
system.am_network.routers40.msg_count.Control::1        50516                      
system.am_network.routers40.msg_bytes.Control::0       404128                      
system.am_network.routers40.msg_bytes.Control::1       404128                      
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001317                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 12279.308813                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001565                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 12264.755846                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002899                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  3898.262029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002546                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  3999.059308                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  8861.887511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000682                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  9086.902259                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001266                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  4100.975205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001265                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  4396.048118                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002049                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 12449.108280                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers41.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 12563.903426                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers41.percent_links_utilized     0.165250                      
system.am_network.routers41.msg_count.Control::0        62784                      
system.am_network.routers41.msg_count.Control::1        62784                      
system.am_network.routers41.msg_bytes.Control::0       502272                      
system.am_network.routers41.msg_bytes.Control::1       502272                      
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001409                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 11137.724526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001561                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 11320.058444                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002972                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  3927.262941                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002577                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  3929.669550                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001265                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  8054.845609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001266                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  8251.171341                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001625                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  5132.034310                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001595                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  5272.371995                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 11580.269937                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002289                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers42.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 11565.304661                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers42.percent_links_utilized     0.185751                      
system.am_network.routers42.msg_count.Control::0        70573                      
system.am_network.routers42.msg_count.Control::1        70573                      
system.am_network.routers42.msg_bytes.Control::0       564584                      
system.am_network.routers42.msg_bytes.Control::1       564584                      
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001403                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 11035.087316                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001488                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 10853.927421                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002911                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  4046.834984                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002555                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  3987.479762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001595                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  7182.231861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001625                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  7348.443327                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001752                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  6113.430695                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001707                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  6164.493399                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.001995                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 11070.623988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002282                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers43.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 11243.621653                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers43.percent_links_utilized     0.193137                      
system.am_network.routers43.msg_count.Control::0        73379                      
system.am_network.routers43.msg_count.Control::1        73379                      
system.am_network.routers43.msg_bytes.Control::0       587032                      
system.am_network.routers43.msg_bytes.Control::1       587032                      
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001368                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 10938.850317                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001185                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 11169.711097                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002683                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  4180.017983                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002485                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  3971.241104                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001707                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  6247.327241                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001752                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  6340.315114                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001626                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  7197.742628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001659                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  7241.342434                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.001943                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 10869.417921                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002245                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers44.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 11282.209654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers44.percent_links_utilized     0.186517                      
system.am_network.routers44.msg_count.Control::0        70864                      
system.am_network.routers44.msg_count.Control::1        70864                      
system.am_network.routers44.msg_bytes.Control::0       566912                      
system.am_network.routers44.msg_bytes.Control::1       566912                      
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001481                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 11095.375597                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001524                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 11549.319337                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  4006.700526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002677                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  3961.453717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001659                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  5075.605394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001626                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  5249.347664                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001297                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  8070.837249                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001346                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  8185.668981                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 11607.978384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers45.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 11956.433884                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers45.percent_links_utilized     0.190618                      
system.am_network.routers45.msg_count.Control::0        72422                      
system.am_network.routers45.msg_count.Control::1        72422                      
system.am_network.routers45.msg_bytes.Control::0       579376                      
system.am_network.routers45.msg_bytes.Control::1       579376                      
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001295                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 12452.886184                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001508                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 12513.505183                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  4031.123524                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  4144.166913                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.001346                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  4097.957040                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001297                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  4371.028961                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000787                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  8716.765165                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000761                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  9152.900364                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.002169                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 12668.060640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.002454                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers46.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 13129.594799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers46.percent_links_utilized     0.173054                      
system.am_network.routers46.msg_count.Control::0        65749                      
system.am_network.routers46.msg_count.Control::1        65749                      
system.am_network.routers46.msg_bytes.Control::0       525992                      
system.am_network.routers46.msg_bytes.Control::1       525992                      
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 14163.197512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001605                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13989.242969                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002798                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  3815.154453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002666                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  3928.227979                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000761                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  3022.216754                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000787                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  3424.338707                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.002084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time 14182.187973                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.002042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers47.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time 14696.087170                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers47.percent_links_utilized     0.177500                      
system.am_network.routers47.msg_count.Control::0        53950                      
system.am_network.routers47.msg_count.Control::1        53951                      
system.am_network.routers47.msg_bytes.Control::0       431600                      
system.am_network.routers47.msg_bytes.Control::1       431608                      
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001167                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 15206.652360                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001380                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 14671.849863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  3035.186018                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001920                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  3093.837957                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000430                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  2684.109792                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000405                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  2867.559171                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001197                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time 15099.332876                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers48.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time 15288.787526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers48.percent_links_utilized     0.125312                      
system.am_network.routers48.msg_count.Control::0        38088                      
system.am_network.routers48.msg_count.Control::1        38088                      
system.am_network.routers48.msg_bytes.Control::0       304704                      
system.am_network.routers48.msg_bytes.Control::1       304704                      
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 13341.701083                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001434                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13483.329259                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  2945.547815                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002049                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2933.880754                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000405                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  8425.138388                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000430                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  8489.737958                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000734                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  3657.526872                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  3686.577135                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.001200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 13589.877816                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.001232                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers49.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 13671.642786                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers49.percent_links_utilized     0.117539                      
system.am_network.routers49.msg_count.Control::0        44657                      
system.am_network.routers49.msg_count.Control::1        44657                      
system.am_network.routers49.msg_bytes.Control::0       357256                      
system.am_network.routers49.msg_bytes.Control::1       357256                      
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001336                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 12368.206488                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001433                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 12349.735200                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002289                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  3001.962649                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  3001.636802                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  7636.881778                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000734                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  7760.686411                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000934                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  4704.303227                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000928                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  4630.302129                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.001159                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 12884.096962                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.001339                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers50.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 12673.160357                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers50.percent_links_utilized     0.129021                      
system.am_network.routers50.msg_count.Control::0        49019                      
system.am_network.routers50.msg_count.Control::1        49020                      
system.am_network.routers50.msg_bytes.Control::0       392152                      
system.am_network.routers50.msg_bytes.Control::1       392160                      
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001344                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 12063.544119                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001448                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 11843.972438                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002282                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  3033.763267                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001995                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2983.722190                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000928                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  6722.002143                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000934                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  6775.053225                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  5704.484510                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000989                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  5640.431747                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.001128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 12623.316288                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.001330                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers51.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 12238.821792                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers51.percent_links_utilized     0.133924                      
system.am_network.routers51.msg_count.Control::0        50882                      
system.am_network.routers51.msg_count.Control::1        50882                      
system.am_network.routers51.msg_bytes.Control::0       407056                      
system.am_network.routers51.msg_bytes.Control::1       407056                      
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001252                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 11828.247819                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001363                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 11912.836446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002245                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  3067.646226                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001943                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  3037.960324                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000989                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  5703.203888                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.001014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  5756.151794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000975                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  6545.533471                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000924                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  6761.559131                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.001149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 12655.403274                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.001366                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers52.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 12425.836668                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers52.percent_links_utilized     0.132184                      
system.am_network.routers52.msg_count.Control::0        50221                      
system.am_network.routers52.msg_count.Control::1        50221                      
system.am_network.routers52.msg_bytes.Control::0       401768                      
system.am_network.routers52.msg_bytes.Control::1       401768                      
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001399                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 12703.944481                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001434                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 12705.685182                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  3049.720033                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2938.446035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000924                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  4629.587529                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000975                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  4764.945518                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000787                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  7774.090095                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000750                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  7744.920205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.001182                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 13258.355703                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.001408                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers53.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 12943.750526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers53.percent_links_utilized     0.132989                      
system.am_network.routers53.msg_count.Control::0        50527                      
system.am_network.routers53.msg_count.Control::1        50527                      
system.am_network.routers53.msg_bytes.Control::0       404216                      
system.am_network.routers53.msg_bytes.Control::1       404216                      
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001423                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 13512.593375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001531                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13457.469953                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002454                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  3035.693345                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002169                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  3057.822385                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000750                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  3563.687928                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000787                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  3706.378660                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000459                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  8518.657144                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000394                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  8758.203274                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.001260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time 13809.209982                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.001466                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers54.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time 13896.391434                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers54.percent_links_utilized     0.126922                      
system.am_network.routers54.msg_count.Control::0        48222                      
system.am_network.routers54.msg_count.Control::1        48222                      
system.am_network.routers54.msg_bytes.Control::0       385776                      
system.am_network.routers54.msg_bytes.Control::1       385776                      
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001375                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 15173.684299                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001415                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 15235.743156                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.002042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  2926.131491                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.002084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2979.510920                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000394                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  2590.702766                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000459                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  2722.314961                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.001205                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time 15360.531120                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.001059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers55.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time 15663.840882                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers55.percent_links_utilized     0.125417                      
system.am_network.routers55.msg_count.Control::0        38120                      
system.am_network.routers55.msg_count.Control::1        38120                      
system.am_network.routers55.msg_bytes.Control::0       304960                      
system.am_network.routers55.msg_bytes.Control::1       304960                      
system.am_network.routers56.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001348                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers56.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 16094.075039                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers56.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001452                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers56.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 16573.182697                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers56.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers56.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1999.637304                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers56.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001197                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers56.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  1999.844709                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers56.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000145                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers56.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  1998.102823                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers56.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers56.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  1998.372081                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers56.percent_links_utilized     0.093319                      
system.am_network.routers56.msg_count.Control::0        21273                      
system.am_network.routers56.msg_count.Control::1        21273                      
system.am_network.routers56.msg_bytes.Control::0       170184                      
system.am_network.routers56.msg_bytes.Control::1       170184                      
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001353                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 14934.972526                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001366                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 15032.112448                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001232                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1999.901825                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  1999.807334                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  7850.608216                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000145                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  8166.555078                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000237                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  3041.315390                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers57.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  3005.453661                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers57.percent_links_utilized     0.074306                      
system.am_network.routers57.msg_count.Control::0        22585                      
system.am_network.routers57.msg_count.Control::1        22585                      
system.am_network.routers57.msg_bytes.Control::0       180680                      
system.am_network.routers57.msg_bytes.Control::1       180680                      
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001302                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 14219.071068                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001493                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13853.030485                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001339                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1999.914195                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  1999.851290                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  6944.674372                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000237                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  7163.186787                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  3931.376957                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000322                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers58.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  4110.209731                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers58.percent_links_utilized     0.080279                      
system.am_network.routers58.msg_count.Control::0        24400                      
system.am_network.routers58.msg_count.Control::1        24401                      
system.am_network.routers58.msg_bytes.Control::0       195200                      
system.am_network.routers58.msg_bytes.Control::1       195208                      
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001267                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 13984.760859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001488                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13509.991732                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001330                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1999.568608                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  1999.854974                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000322                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  5841.898915                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  6115.411177                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000340                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  4841.175694                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000336                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers59.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  5229.371767                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers59.percent_links_utilized     0.081491                      
system.am_network.routers59.msg_count.Control::0        24769                      
system.am_network.routers59.msg_count.Control::1        24769                      
system.am_network.routers59.msg_bytes.Control::0       198152                      
system.am_network.routers59.msg_bytes.Control::1       198152                      
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001290                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 13924.050400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001526                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 13663.051663                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001366                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1999.961835                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  1999.852606                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000336                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  4890.154084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000340                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  5037.664088                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000329                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  5766.160535                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000305                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers60.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  6062.509332                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers60.percent_links_utilized     0.083011                      
system.am_network.routers60.msg_count.Control::0        25231                      
system.am_network.routers60.msg_count.Control::1        25231                      
system.am_network.routers60.msg_bytes.Control::0       201848                      
system.am_network.routers60.msg_bytes.Control::1       201848                      
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001328                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 14750.994765                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001560                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 14237.156499                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001408                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1999.565186                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001182                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  1999.814178                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000305                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  3796.692903                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000329                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  4066.595842                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000269                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  6712.143033                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers61.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  6945.077470                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers61.percent_links_utilized     0.082732                      
system.am_network.routers61.msg_count.Control::0        25146                      
system.am_network.routers61.msg_count.Control::1        25146                      
system.am_network.routers61.msg_bytes.Control::0       201168                      
system.am_network.routers61.msg_bytes.Control::1       201168                      
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001416                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 15096.937847                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001630                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 15192.561054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001466                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1999.634146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  1999.857870                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  2831.406732                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000269                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  3056.519129                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers008.avg_stall_time  7606.113448                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers62.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  7952.471605                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers62.percent_links_utilized     0.081870                      
system.am_network.routers62.msg_count.Control::0        24884                      
system.am_network.routers62.msg_count.Control::1        24884                      
system.am_network.routers62.msg_bytes.Control::0       199072                      
system.am_network.routers62.msg_bytes.Control::1       199072                      
system.am_network.routers63.port_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.001360                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers63.port_buffers000.avg_stall_time 16751.710416                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers63.port_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.001175                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers63.port_buffers001.avg_stall_time 16863.246830                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers63.port_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.001059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers63.port_buffers002.avg_stall_time  1999.915775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers63.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001205                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers63.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  1999.908142                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers63.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers63.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  1999.255921                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers63.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.routers63.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  1997.607999                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.routers63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers63.percent_links_utilized     0.084497                      
system.am_network.routers63.msg_count.Control::0        19262                      
system.am_network.routers63.msg_count.Control::1        19262                      
system.am_network.routers63.msg_bytes.Control::0       154096                      
system.am_network.routers63.msg_bytes.Control::1       154096                      
system.am_network.int_link_buffers000.avg_buf_msgs     0.002853                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers000.avg_stall_time  7032.546407                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers001.avg_buf_msgs     0.002634                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers001.avg_stall_time  6992.182173                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.001195                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers003.avg_stall_time 10108.571350                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.001633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers004.avg_stall_time  9056.343769                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.002634                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers006.avg_stall_time 12322.903552                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers007.avg_buf_msgs     0.002853                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers007.avg_stall_time 11508.189769                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.004732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers009.avg_stall_time  7951.025362                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers010.avg_buf_msgs     0.005026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers010.avg_stall_time  6847.598870                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.001238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers012.avg_stall_time  8493.180341                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers013.avg_buf_msgs     0.001637                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers013.avg_stall_time  7498.201689                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers015.avg_buf_msgs     0.005026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers015.avg_stall_time 12136.350730                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers016.avg_buf_msgs     0.004732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers016.avg_stall_time 10676.021718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers018.avg_buf_msgs     0.005534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers018.avg_stall_time  8956.534954                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers019.avg_buf_msgs     0.006687                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers019.avg_stall_time  7487.977779                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers021.avg_buf_msgs     0.001254                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers021.avg_stall_time  7635.784019                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers022.avg_buf_msgs     0.001715                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers022.avg_stall_time  6681.730621                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.006687                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time 11441.690390                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.005534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time 10031.506157                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.005368                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  9619.921481                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.007383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  8444.850095                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.001249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  7098.438178                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.001721                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  6604.837434                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.007383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time 10437.328896                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.005368                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  9996.625259                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.005094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time 10353.522776                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.006494                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  9867.809085                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.001258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  6958.443975                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.001662                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  7146.475084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.006494                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers042.avg_stall_time  9506.627913                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.005094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  9181.061851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.004048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers045.avg_stall_time 11521.173116                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.005031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time 11314.810742                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.001293                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers048.avg_stall_time  7563.918034                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.001755                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  8025.048043                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.005031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers051.avg_stall_time  8308.804482                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.004048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time  8092.173584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.002338                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers054.avg_stall_time 12235.790929                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.002832                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers055.avg_stall_time 12736.815222                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.001266                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers057.avg_stall_time  8520.543728                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers058.avg_buf_msgs     0.001742                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers058.avg_stall_time  9170.633563                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers060.avg_buf_msgs     0.002832                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers060.avg_stall_time  7128.064858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.002338                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  7388.098556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.001259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers063.avg_stall_time  9966.505991                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers064.avg_buf_msgs     0.001649                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers064.avg_stall_time 10899.573971                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.001633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers066.avg_stall_time  8969.076379                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.001195                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  9069.929327                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.001988                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers069.avg_stall_time  6179.474137                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.001967                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  6632.020656                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.001974                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time 11110.888667                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.002488                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers073.avg_stall_time 10502.755060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers075.avg_buf_msgs     0.001637                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers075.avg_stall_time  8952.319998                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers076.avg_buf_msgs     0.001238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers076.avg_stall_time  8904.108193                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers078.avg_buf_msgs     0.001967                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers078.avg_stall_time 12091.956046                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers079.avg_buf_msgs     0.001988                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers079.avg_stall_time 12288.446151                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers081.avg_buf_msgs     0.003361                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers081.avg_stall_time  7310.524852                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers082.avg_buf_msgs     0.003428                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers082.avg_stall_time  7518.719128                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers084.avg_buf_msgs     0.002066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers084.avg_stall_time  9588.648060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers085.avg_buf_msgs     0.002543                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers085.avg_stall_time  9089.977078                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers087.avg_buf_msgs     0.001715                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers087.avg_stall_time  8877.972786                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers088.avg_buf_msgs     0.001254                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers088.avg_stall_time  8873.395005                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers090.avg_buf_msgs     0.003428                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers090.avg_stall_time 11158.946892                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers091.avg_buf_msgs     0.003361                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers091.avg_stall_time 11321.152784                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers093.avg_buf_msgs     0.004222                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers093.avg_stall_time  8214.095911                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers094.avg_buf_msgs     0.004384                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers094.avg_stall_time  8481.997313                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers096.avg_buf_msgs     0.002079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers096.avg_stall_time  8583.559201                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers097.avg_buf_msgs     0.002647                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers097.avg_stall_time  8178.280110                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers099.avg_buf_msgs     0.001721                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers099.avg_stall_time  8893.368139                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers100.avg_buf_msgs     0.001249                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers100.avg_stall_time  9297.909335                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers102.avg_buf_msgs     0.004384                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers102.avg_stall_time 10064.036904                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers103.avg_buf_msgs     0.004222                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers103.avg_stall_time 10407.009858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.004622                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  9135.965333                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.004668                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  9568.601098                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers108.avg_buf_msgs     0.002095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers108.avg_stall_time  8132.467018                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers109.avg_buf_msgs     0.002624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers109.avg_stall_time  7897.213751                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.001662                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  8751.769967                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.001258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  8901.867403                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.004668                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time  9031.150371                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers115.avg_buf_msgs     0.004622                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers115.avg_stall_time  9345.141888                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers117.avg_buf_msgs     0.004356                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers117.avg_stall_time 10024.492287                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.004437                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time 10497.947236                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.002078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  7908.989384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.002500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  8320.520763                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers123.avg_buf_msgs     0.001755                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers123.avg_stall_time  8930.633536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers124.avg_buf_msgs     0.001293                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers124.avg_stall_time  8910.040952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers126.avg_buf_msgs     0.004437                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers126.avg_stall_time  8041.201291                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.004356                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  8382.639105                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers129.avg_buf_msgs     0.003493                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers129.avg_stall_time 10999.466220                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers130.avg_buf_msgs     0.003535                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers130.avg_stall_time 11418.140967                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers132.avg_buf_msgs     0.002149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers132.avg_stall_time  8595.301802                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers133.avg_buf_msgs     0.002646                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers133.avg_stall_time  9028.670328                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers135.avg_buf_msgs     0.001742                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers135.avg_stall_time  9121.187987                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers136.avg_buf_msgs     0.001266                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers136.avg_stall_time  9081.384771                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers138.avg_buf_msgs     0.003535                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers138.avg_stall_time  7112.392616                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers139.avg_buf_msgs     0.003493                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers139.avg_stall_time  7534.626544                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers141.avg_buf_msgs     0.002072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers141.avg_stall_time 11942.002189                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers142.avg_buf_msgs     0.001994                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers142.avg_stall_time 12489.296892                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers144.avg_buf_msgs     0.002113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers144.avg_stall_time  9412.537346                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers145.avg_buf_msgs     0.002651                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers145.avg_stall_time 10127.703940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers147.avg_buf_msgs     0.001649                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers147.avg_stall_time  8917.798900                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers148.avg_buf_msgs     0.001259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers148.avg_stall_time  9053.732255                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers150.avg_buf_msgs     0.001994                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers150.avg_stall_time  6017.093612                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers151.avg_buf_msgs     0.002072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers151.avg_stall_time  6583.577757                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers153.avg_buf_msgs     0.002083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers153.avg_stall_time 10885.575314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers154.avg_buf_msgs     0.002491                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers154.avg_stall_time 11847.134115                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers156.avg_buf_msgs     0.002488                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers156.avg_stall_time  8039.542708                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers157.avg_buf_msgs     0.001974                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers157.avg_stall_time  8180.543669                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers159.avg_buf_msgs     0.001597                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers159.avg_stall_time  5748.546963                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers160.avg_buf_msgs     0.001547                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers160.avg_stall_time  6671.555141                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers162.avg_buf_msgs     0.002522                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers162.avg_stall_time 12091.429112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers163.avg_buf_msgs     0.002984                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers163.avg_stall_time 11823.980816                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers165.avg_buf_msgs     0.002543                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers165.avg_stall_time  7965.685320                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers166.avg_buf_msgs     0.002066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers166.avg_stall_time  8078.749502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers168.avg_buf_msgs     0.001547                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers168.avg_stall_time 10793.203339                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers169.avg_buf_msgs     0.001597                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers169.avg_stall_time 11675.035820                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers171.avg_buf_msgs     0.002842                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers171.avg_stall_time  6608.420566                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers172.avg_buf_msgs     0.002830                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers172.avg_stall_time  7038.797248                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers174.avg_buf_msgs     0.002553                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers174.avg_stall_time 10572.678068                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers175.avg_buf_msgs     0.003011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers175.avg_stall_time 10292.897857                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers177.avg_buf_msgs     0.002647                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers177.avg_stall_time  7960.585340                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers178.avg_buf_msgs     0.002079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers178.avg_stall_time  7942.581898                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers180.avg_buf_msgs     0.002830                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers180.avg_stall_time 10271.349578                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers181.avg_buf_msgs     0.002842                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers181.avg_stall_time 10913.377330                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers183.avg_buf_msgs     0.003662                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers183.avg_stall_time  7539.123523                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers184.avg_buf_msgs     0.003592                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers184.avg_stall_time  7954.222506                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers186.avg_buf_msgs     0.002571                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers186.avg_stall_time  9525.494537                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers187.avg_buf_msgs     0.003158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers187.avg_stall_time  9353.909358                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers189.avg_buf_msgs     0.002624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers189.avg_stall_time  7883.441451                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers190.avg_buf_msgs     0.002095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers190.avg_stall_time  8106.533358                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers192.avg_buf_msgs     0.003592                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers192.avg_stall_time  9431.153003                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers193.avg_buf_msgs     0.003662                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers193.avg_stall_time  9889.954179                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers195.avg_buf_msgs     0.003974                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers195.avg_stall_time  8396.260853                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers196.avg_buf_msgs     0.003814                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers196.avg_stall_time  8905.371969                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers198.avg_buf_msgs     0.002637                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers198.avg_stall_time  9044.276374                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers199.avg_buf_msgs     0.003042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers199.avg_stall_time  9129.840567                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers201.avg_buf_msgs     0.002500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers201.avg_stall_time  7889.805206                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers202.avg_buf_msgs     0.002078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers202.avg_stall_time  7995.364774                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers204.avg_buf_msgs     0.003814                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers204.avg_stall_time  8517.089039                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers205.avg_buf_msgs     0.003974                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers205.avg_stall_time  9027.254814                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers207.avg_buf_msgs     0.003733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers207.avg_stall_time  9329.750091                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers208.avg_buf_msgs     0.003581                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers208.avg_stall_time  9843.630865                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers210.avg_buf_msgs     0.002581                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers210.avg_stall_time  8969.318396                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers211.avg_buf_msgs     0.002869                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers211.avg_stall_time  9429.615758                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers213.avg_buf_msgs     0.002646                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers213.avg_stall_time  8053.626907                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers214.avg_buf_msgs     0.002149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers214.avg_stall_time  7874.822691                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers216.avg_buf_msgs     0.003581                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers216.avg_stall_time  7615.433582                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers217.avg_buf_msgs     0.003733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers217.avg_stall_time  8054.023819                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers219.avg_buf_msgs     0.002962                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers219.avg_stall_time 10278.769046                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers220.avg_buf_msgs     0.002871                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers220.avg_stall_time 10694.939139                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers222.avg_buf_msgs     0.002689                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers222.avg_stall_time  9569.366892                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers223.avg_buf_msgs     0.003135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers223.avg_stall_time  9996.890438                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers225.avg_buf_msgs     0.002651                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers225.avg_stall_time  8071.309637                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers226.avg_buf_msgs     0.002113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers226.avg_stall_time  7975.323996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers228.avg_buf_msgs     0.002871                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers228.avg_stall_time  6673.459555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers229.avg_buf_msgs     0.002962                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers229.avg_stall_time  7078.249743                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers231.avg_buf_msgs     0.001739                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers231.avg_stall_time 11311.437776                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers232.avg_buf_msgs     0.001629                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers232.avg_stall_time 11660.968993                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers234.avg_buf_msgs     0.002653                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers234.avg_stall_time 10406.047186                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers235.avg_buf_msgs     0.003137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers235.avg_stall_time 11106.865325                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers237.avg_buf_msgs     0.002491                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers237.avg_stall_time  7931.259502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers238.avg_buf_msgs     0.002083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers238.avg_stall_time  8044.081932                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers240.avg_buf_msgs     0.001629                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers240.avg_stall_time  5624.867748                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers241.avg_buf_msgs     0.001739                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers241.avg_stall_time  6084.947045                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers243.avg_buf_msgs     0.002585                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers243.avg_stall_time 11931.921724                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers244.avg_buf_msgs     0.002921                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers244.avg_stall_time 12770.885844                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers246.avg_buf_msgs     0.002984                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers246.avg_stall_time  6970.674162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers247.avg_buf_msgs     0.002522                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers247.avg_stall_time  7007.535805                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers249.avg_buf_msgs     0.001375                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers249.avg_stall_time  5083.335774                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers250.avg_buf_msgs     0.001334                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers250.avg_stall_time  5620.895993                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers252.avg_buf_msgs     0.002680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers252.avg_stall_time 13203.392113                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers253.avg_buf_msgs     0.003076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers253.avg_stall_time 12948.569204                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers255.avg_buf_msgs     0.003011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers255.avg_stall_time  6966.687142                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers256.avg_buf_msgs     0.002553                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers256.avg_stall_time  7129.260069                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers258.avg_buf_msgs     0.001334                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers258.avg_stall_time 10861.391042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers259.avg_buf_msgs     0.001375                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers259.avg_stall_time 11334.003868                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers261.avg_buf_msgs     0.002376                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers261.avg_stall_time  6112.365573                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers262.avg_buf_msgs     0.002270                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers262.avg_stall_time  6492.849756                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers264.avg_buf_msgs     0.002757                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers264.avg_stall_time 11443.165783                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers265.avg_buf_msgs     0.003121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers265.avg_stall_time 11345.194661                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers267.avg_buf_msgs     0.003158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers267.avg_stall_time  6960.665947                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers268.avg_buf_msgs     0.002571                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers268.avg_stall_time  7078.960396                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers270.avg_buf_msgs     0.002270                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers270.avg_stall_time  9981.653010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers271.avg_buf_msgs     0.002376                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers271.avg_stall_time 10365.604384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers273.avg_buf_msgs     0.003077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers273.avg_stall_time  7025.357243                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers274.avg_buf_msgs     0.002817                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers274.avg_stall_time  7480.650430                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers276.avg_buf_msgs     0.002734                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers276.avg_stall_time 10602.259610                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers277.avg_buf_msgs     0.003264                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers277.avg_stall_time 10551.295212                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers279.avg_buf_msgs     0.003042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers279.avg_stall_time  6991.672477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers280.avg_buf_msgs     0.002637                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers280.avg_stall_time  6996.234861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers282.avg_buf_msgs     0.002817                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers282.avg_stall_time  9075.753907                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers283.avg_buf_msgs     0.003077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers283.avg_stall_time  9416.227208                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers285.avg_buf_msgs     0.003266                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers285.avg_stall_time  8059.938811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers286.avg_buf_msgs     0.003039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers286.avg_stall_time  8427.014311                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers288.avg_buf_msgs     0.002786                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers288.avg_stall_time 10043.639090                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers289.avg_buf_msgs     0.003161                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers289.avg_stall_time 10212.432722                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers291.avg_buf_msgs     0.002869                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers291.avg_stall_time  7023.587456                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers292.avg_buf_msgs     0.002581                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers292.avg_stall_time  6985.033278                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers294.avg_buf_msgs     0.003039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers294.avg_stall_time  8120.172346                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers295.avg_buf_msgs     0.003266                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers295.avg_stall_time  8432.587006                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers297.avg_buf_msgs     0.003060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers297.avg_stall_time  9060.491080                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers298.avg_buf_msgs     0.002886                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers298.avg_stall_time  9492.312096                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers300.avg_buf_msgs     0.002719                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers300.avg_stall_time  9945.800229                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers301.avg_buf_msgs     0.002942                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers301.avg_stall_time 10432.937858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers303.avg_buf_msgs     0.003135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers303.avg_stall_time  7022.700852                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers304.avg_buf_msgs     0.002689                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers304.avg_stall_time  6954.765299                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers306.avg_buf_msgs     0.002886                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers306.avg_stall_time  7110.502809                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers307.avg_buf_msgs     0.003060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers307.avg_stall_time  7414.304105                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers309.avg_buf_msgs     0.002445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers309.avg_stall_time 10028.597617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers310.avg_buf_msgs     0.002296                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers310.avg_stall_time 10422.143583                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers312.avg_buf_msgs     0.002817                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers312.avg_stall_time 10707.065361                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers313.avg_buf_msgs     0.003262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers313.avg_stall_time 10993.560442                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers315.avg_buf_msgs     0.003137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers315.avg_stall_time  7093.131583                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers316.avg_buf_msgs     0.002653                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers316.avg_stall_time  7099.991347                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers318.avg_buf_msgs     0.002296                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers318.avg_stall_time  6185.440586                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers319.avg_buf_msgs     0.002445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers319.avg_stall_time  6556.078952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers321.avg_buf_msgs     0.001369                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers321.avg_stall_time 10585.359388                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers322.avg_buf_msgs     0.001307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers322.avg_stall_time 11296.313131                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers324.avg_buf_msgs     0.002728                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers324.avg_stall_time 11572.122641                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers325.avg_buf_msgs     0.003321                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers325.avg_stall_time 12032.238787                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers327.avg_buf_msgs     0.002921                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers327.avg_stall_time  6910.836749                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers328.avg_buf_msgs     0.002585                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers328.avg_stall_time  7256.855899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers330.avg_buf_msgs     0.001307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers330.avg_stall_time  5164.858332                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers331.avg_buf_msgs     0.001369                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers331.avg_stall_time  5931.374522                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers333.avg_buf_msgs     0.002744                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers333.avg_stall_time 13199.648293                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers334.avg_buf_msgs     0.003009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers334.avg_stall_time 13714.480287                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers336.avg_buf_msgs     0.003076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers336.avg_stall_time  5972.415193                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers337.avg_buf_msgs     0.002680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers337.avg_stall_time  6023.641874                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers339.avg_buf_msgs     0.001087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers339.avg_stall_time  4572.249177                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers340.avg_buf_msgs     0.001059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers340.avg_stall_time  4849.090448                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers342.avg_buf_msgs     0.002445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers342.avg_stall_time 14251.256818                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers343.avg_buf_msgs     0.002715                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers343.avg_stall_time 14025.488384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers345.avg_buf_msgs     0.003121                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers345.avg_stall_time  5979.527765                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers346.avg_buf_msgs     0.002757                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers346.avg_stall_time  6003.329338                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers348.avg_buf_msgs     0.001059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers348.avg_stall_time 10579.707469                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers349.avg_buf_msgs     0.001087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers349.avg_stall_time 10722.135391                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers351.avg_buf_msgs     0.001803                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers351.avg_stall_time  5567.194666                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers352.avg_buf_msgs     0.001832                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers352.avg_stall_time  5817.658645                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers354.avg_buf_msgs     0.002546                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers354.avg_stall_time 12543.459750                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers355.avg_buf_msgs     0.002899                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers355.avg_stall_time 12494.947890                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers357.avg_buf_msgs     0.003264                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers357.avg_stall_time  5987.041724                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers358.avg_buf_msgs     0.002734                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers358.avg_stall_time  6068.587181                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers360.avg_buf_msgs     0.001832                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers360.avg_stall_time  9564.497479                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers361.avg_buf_msgs     0.001803                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers361.avg_stall_time  9801.139150                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers363.avg_buf_msgs     0.002298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers363.avg_stall_time  6499.438421                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers364.avg_buf_msgs     0.002241                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers364.avg_stall_time  6854.024609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers366.avg_buf_msgs     0.002577                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers366.avg_stall_time 11803.607480                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers367.avg_buf_msgs     0.002972                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers367.avg_stall_time 11626.487640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers369.avg_buf_msgs     0.003161                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers369.avg_stall_time  5935.454322                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers370.avg_buf_msgs     0.002786                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers370.avg_stall_time  6006.648477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers372.avg_buf_msgs     0.002241                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers372.avg_stall_time  8660.729018                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers373.avg_buf_msgs     0.002298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers373.avg_stall_time  8885.108916                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers375.avg_buf_msgs     0.002397                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers375.avg_stall_time  7657.739213                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers376.avg_buf_msgs     0.002418                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers376.avg_stall_time  7773.572042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers378.avg_buf_msgs     0.002555                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers378.avg_stall_time 11167.195718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers379.avg_buf_msgs     0.002911                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers379.avg_stall_time 11310.729757                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers381.avg_buf_msgs     0.002942                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers381.avg_stall_time  6089.055797                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers382.avg_buf_msgs     0.002719                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers382.avg_stall_time  5995.731023                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers384.avg_buf_msgs     0.002418                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers384.avg_stall_time  7706.030901                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers385.avg_buf_msgs     0.002397                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers385.avg_stall_time  7878.756544                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers387.avg_buf_msgs     0.002192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers387.avg_stall_time  8626.470729                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers388.avg_buf_msgs     0.002297                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers388.avg_stall_time  8894.004566                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers390.avg_buf_msgs     0.002485                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers390.avg_stall_time 10936.764093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers391.avg_buf_msgs     0.002683                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers391.avg_stall_time 11331.521720                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers393.avg_buf_msgs     0.003262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers393.avg_stall_time  5990.104108                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers394.avg_buf_msgs     0.002817                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers394.avg_stall_time  6076.141016                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers396.avg_buf_msgs     0.002297                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers396.avg_stall_time  6563.756493                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers397.avg_buf_msgs     0.002192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers397.avg_stall_time  6976.311211                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers399.avg_buf_msgs     0.001730                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers399.avg_stall_time  9491.173869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers400.avg_buf_msgs     0.001809                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers400.avg_stall_time  9863.243277                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers402.avg_buf_msgs     0.002677                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers402.avg_stall_time 11556.952989                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers403.avg_buf_msgs     0.003010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers403.avg_stall_time 12029.484091                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers405.avg_buf_msgs     0.003321                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers405.avg_stall_time  6047.519775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers406.avg_buf_msgs     0.002728                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers406.avg_stall_time  6169.536987                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers408.avg_buf_msgs     0.001809                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers408.avg_stall_time  5616.144496                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers409.avg_buf_msgs     0.001730                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers409.avg_stall_time  6166.808874                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers411.avg_buf_msgs     0.001018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers411.avg_stall_time 10124.881073                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers412.avg_buf_msgs     0.000963                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers412.avg_stall_time 10736.493453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers414.avg_buf_msgs     0.002633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers414.avg_stall_time 12558.605845                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers415.avg_buf_msgs     0.003056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers415.avg_stall_time 13103.123215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers417.avg_buf_msgs     0.003009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers417.avg_stall_time  5892.371843                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers418.avg_buf_msgs     0.002744                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers418.avg_stall_time  6230.407871                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers420.avg_buf_msgs     0.000963                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers420.avg_stall_time  4651.298667                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers421.avg_buf_msgs     0.001018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers421.avg_stall_time  5350.319645                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers423.avg_buf_msgs     0.002666                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers423.avg_stall_time 13962.938914                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers424.avg_buf_msgs     0.002798                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers424.avg_stall_time 14723.451017                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers426.avg_buf_msgs     0.002715                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers426.avg_stall_time  5136.833118                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers427.avg_buf_msgs     0.002445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers427.avg_stall_time  5039.496845                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers429.avg_buf_msgs     0.000682                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers429.avg_stall_time  4279.494832                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers430.avg_buf_msgs     0.000732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers430.avg_stall_time  4480.166200                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers432.avg_buf_msgs     0.001920                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers432.avg_stall_time 15152.159379                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers433.avg_buf_msgs     0.002219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers433.avg_stall_time 15179.387742                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers435.avg_buf_msgs     0.002899                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers435.avg_stall_time  4898.242946                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers436.avg_buf_msgs     0.002546                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers436.avg_stall_time  4999.030487                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers438.avg_buf_msgs     0.000732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers438.avg_stall_time  9861.849741                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers439.avg_buf_msgs     0.000682                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers439.avg_stall_time 10086.696959                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers441.avg_buf_msgs     0.001266                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers441.avg_stall_time  5100.790436                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers442.avg_buf_msgs     0.001265                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers442.avg_stall_time  5395.966261                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers444.avg_buf_msgs     0.002049                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers444.avg_stall_time 13449.077485                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers445.avg_buf_msgs     0.002204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers445.avg_stall_time 13563.884212                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers447.avg_buf_msgs     0.002972                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers447.avg_stall_time  4927.217012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers448.avg_buf_msgs     0.002577                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers448.avg_stall_time  4929.326990                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers450.avg_buf_msgs     0.001265                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers450.avg_stall_time  9054.760199                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers451.avg_buf_msgs     0.001266                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers451.avg_stall_time  9250.986967                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers453.avg_buf_msgs     0.001625                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers453.avg_stall_time  6131.986933                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers454.avg_buf_msgs     0.001595                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers454.avg_stall_time  6272.321591                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers456.avg_buf_msgs     0.002017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers456.avg_stall_time 12580.216373                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers457.avg_buf_msgs     0.002289                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers457.avg_stall_time 12565.139632                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers459.avg_buf_msgs     0.002911                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers459.avg_stall_time  5046.689432                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers460.avg_buf_msgs     0.002555                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers460.avg_stall_time  4987.430016                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers462.avg_buf_msgs     0.001595                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers462.avg_stall_time  8182.179483                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers463.avg_buf_msgs     0.001625                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers463.avg_stall_time  8348.396871                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers465.avg_buf_msgs     0.001752                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers465.avg_stall_time  7113.382792                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers466.avg_buf_msgs     0.001707                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers466.avg_stall_time  7164.442995                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers468.avg_buf_msgs     0.001995                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers468.avg_stall_time 12070.547001                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers469.avg_buf_msgs     0.002282                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers469.avg_stall_time 12243.476233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers471.avg_buf_msgs     0.002683                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers471.avg_stall_time  5179.997717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers472.avg_buf_msgs     0.002485                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers472.avg_stall_time  4971.187542                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers474.avg_buf_msgs     0.001707                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers474.avg_stall_time  7247.275127                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers475.avg_buf_msgs     0.001752                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers475.avg_stall_time  7340.269185                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers477.avg_buf_msgs     0.001626                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers477.avg_stall_time  8197.694198                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers478.avg_buf_msgs     0.001659                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers478.avg_stall_time  8241.291504                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers480.avg_buf_msgs     0.001943                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers480.avg_stall_time 11869.339486                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers481.avg_buf_msgs     0.002245                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers481.avg_stall_time 12282.189519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers483.avg_buf_msgs     0.003010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers483.avg_stall_time  5006.684471                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers484.avg_buf_msgs     0.002677                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers484.avg_stall_time  4961.424238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers486.avg_buf_msgs     0.001659                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers486.avg_stall_time  6075.553806                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers487.avg_buf_msgs     0.001626                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers487.avg_stall_time  6249.301998                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers489.avg_buf_msgs     0.001297                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers489.avg_stall_time  9070.789346                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers490.avg_buf_msgs     0.001346                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers490.avg_stall_time  9185.618314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers492.avg_buf_msgs     0.002083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers492.avg_stall_time 12607.941667                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers493.avg_buf_msgs     0.002358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers493.avg_stall_time 12956.416908                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers495.avg_buf_msgs     0.003056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers495.avg_stall_time  5031.054302                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers496.avg_buf_msgs     0.002633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers496.avg_stall_time  5144.148489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers498.avg_buf_msgs     0.001346                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers498.avg_stall_time  5097.905452                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers499.avg_buf_msgs     0.001297                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers499.avg_stall_time  5370.983295                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers501.avg_buf_msgs     0.000787                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers501.avg_stall_time  9716.544205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers502.avg_buf_msgs     0.000761                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers502.avg_stall_time 10152.824167                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers504.avg_buf_msgs     0.002169                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers504.avg_stall_time 13668.011948                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers505.avg_buf_msgs     0.002454                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers505.avg_stall_time 14129.526235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers507.avg_buf_msgs     0.002798                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers507.avg_stall_time  4815.126685                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers508.avg_buf_msgs     0.002666                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers508.avg_stall_time  4928.193763                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers510.avg_buf_msgs     0.000761                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers510.avg_stall_time  4022.140687                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers511.avg_buf_msgs     0.000787                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers511.avg_stall_time  4424.122090                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers513.avg_buf_msgs     0.002084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers513.avg_stall_time 15182.137569                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers514.avg_buf_msgs     0.002042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers514.avg_stall_time 15696.059534                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers516.avg_buf_msgs     0.002219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers516.avg_stall_time  4035.025332                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers517.avg_buf_msgs     0.001920                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers517.avg_stall_time  4093.759654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers519.avg_buf_msgs     0.000430                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers519.avg_stall_time  3683.784339                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers520.avg_buf_msgs     0.000405                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers520.avg_stall_time  3866.955117                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers522.avg_buf_msgs     0.001197                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers522.avg_stall_time 16099.246808                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers523.avg_buf_msgs     0.001307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers523.avg_stall_time 16288.605125                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers525.avg_buf_msgs     0.002204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers525.avg_stall_time  3945.529259                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers526.avg_buf_msgs     0.002049                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers526.avg_stall_time  3933.852460                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers528.avg_buf_msgs     0.000405                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers528.avg_stall_time  9424.530780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers529.avg_buf_msgs     0.000430                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers529.avg_stall_time  9489.411584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers531.avg_buf_msgs     0.000734                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers531.avg_stall_time  4657.200894                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers532.avg_buf_msgs     0.000732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers532.avg_stall_time  4686.062176                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers534.avg_buf_msgs     0.001200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers534.avg_stall_time 14589.773587                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers535.avg_buf_msgs     0.001232                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers535.avg_stall_time 14671.593172                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers537.avg_buf_msgs     0.002289                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers537.avg_stall_time  4001.798541                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers538.avg_buf_msgs     0.002017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers538.avg_stall_time  4001.586925                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers540.avg_buf_msgs     0.000732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers540.avg_stall_time  8636.363529                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers541.avg_buf_msgs     0.000734                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers541.avg_stall_time  8760.360564                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers543.avg_buf_msgs     0.000934                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers543.avg_stall_time  5704.259141                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers544.avg_buf_msgs     0.000928                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers544.avg_stall_time  5630.226852                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers546.avg_buf_msgs     0.001159                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers546.avg_stall_time 13884.018132                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers547.avg_buf_msgs     0.001339                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers547.avg_stall_time 13673.117191                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers549.avg_buf_msgs     0.002282                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers549.avg_stall_time  4033.618241                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers550.avg_buf_msgs     0.001995                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers550.avg_stall_time  3983.649019                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers552.avg_buf_msgs     0.000928                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers552.avg_stall_time  7721.925682                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers553.avg_buf_msgs     0.000934                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers553.avg_stall_time  7775.009797                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers555.avg_buf_msgs     0.001014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers555.avg_stall_time  6704.439896                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers556.avg_buf_msgs     0.000989                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers556.avg_stall_time  6640.250531                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers558.avg_buf_msgs     0.001128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers558.avg_stall_time 13623.239564                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers559.avg_buf_msgs     0.001330                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers559.avg_stall_time 13238.604780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers561.avg_buf_msgs     0.002245                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers561.avg_stall_time  4067.626485                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers562.avg_buf_msgs     0.001943                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers562.avg_stall_time  4037.885706                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers564.avg_buf_msgs     0.000989                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers564.avg_stall_time  6703.020961                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers565.avg_buf_msgs     0.001014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers565.avg_stall_time  6756.108892                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers567.avg_buf_msgs     0.000975                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers567.avg_stall_time  7545.245394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers568.avg_buf_msgs     0.000924                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers568.avg_stall_time  7761.377388                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers570.avg_buf_msgs     0.001149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers570.avg_stall_time 13655.324313                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers571.avg_buf_msgs     0.001366                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers571.avg_stall_time 13425.817323                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers573.avg_buf_msgs     0.002358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers573.avg_stall_time  4049.704504                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers574.avg_buf_msgs     0.002083                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers574.avg_stall_time  3938.417082                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers576.avg_buf_msgs     0.000924                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers576.avg_stall_time  5629.405128                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers577.avg_buf_msgs     0.000975                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers577.avg_stall_time  5764.659152                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers579.avg_buf_msgs     0.000787                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers579.avg_stall_time  8773.801491                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers580.avg_buf_msgs     0.000750                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers580.avg_stall_time  8744.825320                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers582.avg_buf_msgs     0.001182                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers582.avg_stall_time 14258.258844                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers583.avg_buf_msgs     0.001408                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers583.avg_stall_time 13943.530750                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers585.avg_buf_msgs     0.002454                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers585.avg_stall_time  4035.624648                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers586.avg_buf_msgs     0.002169                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers586.avg_stall_time  4057.777245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers588.avg_buf_msgs     0.000750                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers588.avg_stall_time  4563.592911                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers589.avg_buf_msgs     0.000787                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers589.avg_stall_time  4706.092820                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers591.avg_buf_msgs     0.000459                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers591.avg_stall_time  9518.369330                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers592.avg_buf_msgs     0.000394                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers592.avg_stall_time  9758.108916                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers594.avg_buf_msgs     0.001260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers594.avg_stall_time 14809.131547                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers595.avg_buf_msgs     0.001466                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers595.avg_stall_time 14896.207718                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers597.avg_buf_msgs     0.002042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers597.avg_stall_time  3926.104249                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers598.avg_buf_msgs     0.002084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers598.avg_stall_time  3979.464333                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers600.avg_buf_msgs     0.000394                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers600.avg_stall_time  3590.608275                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers601.avg_buf_msgs     0.000459                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers601.avg_stall_time  3722.029648                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers603.avg_buf_msgs     0.001205                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers603.avg_stall_time 16360.480454                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers604.avg_buf_msgs     0.001059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers604.avg_stall_time 16663.797716                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers606.avg_buf_msgs     0.001307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers606.avg_stall_time  2999.455562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers607.avg_buf_msgs     0.001197                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers607.avg_stall_time  2999.766669                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers609.avg_buf_msgs     0.000145                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers609.avg_stall_time  2997.153839                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers610.avg_buf_msgs     0.000151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers610.avg_stall_time  2997.557726                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers612.avg_buf_msgs     0.001232                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers612.avg_stall_time  2999.852342                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers613.avg_buf_msgs     0.001200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers613.avg_stall_time  2999.710607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers615.avg_buf_msgs     0.000151                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers615.avg_stall_time  8849.790572                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers616.avg_buf_msgs     0.000145                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers616.avg_stall_time  9165.606753                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers618.avg_buf_msgs     0.000237                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers618.avg_stall_time  4040.365881                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers619.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers619.avg_stall_time  4005.031218                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers621.avg_buf_msgs     0.001339                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers621.avg_stall_time  2999.870898                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers622.avg_buf_msgs     0.001160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers622.avg_stall_time  2999.776539                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers624.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers624.avg_stall_time  7944.249429                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers625.avg_buf_msgs     0.000237                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers625.avg_stall_time  8162.237672                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers627.avg_buf_msgs     0.000308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers627.avg_stall_time  4930.427447                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers628.avg_buf_msgs     0.000322                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers628.avg_stall_time  5109.786762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers630.avg_buf_msgs     0.001330                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers630.avg_stall_time  2999.352517                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers631.avg_buf_msgs     0.001128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers631.avg_stall_time  2999.782067                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers633.avg_buf_msgs     0.000322                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers633.avg_stall_time  6841.474498                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers634.avg_buf_msgs     0.000308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers634.avg_stall_time  7114.462325                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers636.avg_buf_msgs     0.000340                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers636.avg_stall_time  5840.225658                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers637.avg_buf_msgs     0.000336                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers637.avg_stall_time  6229.000254                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers639.avg_buf_msgs     0.001366                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers639.avg_stall_time  2999.942358                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers640.avg_buf_msgs     0.001149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers640.avg_stall_time  2999.778514                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers642.avg_buf_msgs     0.000336                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers642.avg_stall_time  5889.780070                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers643.avg_buf_msgs     0.000340                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers643.avg_stall_time  6036.715762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers645.avg_buf_msgs     0.000329                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers645.avg_stall_time  6765.210499                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers646.avg_buf_msgs     0.000305                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers646.avg_stall_time  7062.137292                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers648.avg_buf_msgs     0.001408                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers648.avg_stall_time  2999.347385                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers649.avg_buf_msgs     0.001182                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers649.avg_stall_time  2999.720872                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers651.avg_buf_msgs     0.000305                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers651.avg_stall_time  4796.319416                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers652.avg_buf_msgs     0.000329                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers652.avg_stall_time  5065.648570                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers654.avg_buf_msgs     0.000269                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers654.avg_stall_time  7711.735725                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers655.avg_buf_msgs     0.000238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers655.avg_stall_time  7944.704904                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers657.avg_buf_msgs     0.001466                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers657.avg_stall_time  2999.450824                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers658.avg_buf_msgs     0.001260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers658.avg_stall_time  2999.786410                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers660.avg_buf_msgs     0.000238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers660.avg_stall_time  3831.033772                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers661.avg_buf_msgs     0.000269                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers661.avg_stall_time  4056.113004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers663.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers663.avg_stall_time  8604.913762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers664.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers664.avg_stall_time  8952.098513                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers666.avg_buf_msgs     0.001059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers666.avg_stall_time  2999.873267                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers667.avg_buf_msgs     0.001205                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers667.avg_stall_time  2999.861818                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers669.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers669.avg_stall_time  2998.883487                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.int_link_buffers670.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.am_network.int_link_buffers670.avg_stall_time  2996.411603                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.am_network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.msg_count.Control           8945601                      
system.am_network.msg_byte.Control           71564808                      
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cooldown_cpu00.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu00.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu00.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu00.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu00.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu00.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu00.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu00.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu00.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu00.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu00.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu00.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu00.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu00.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu00.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu00.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu00.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu00.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.numSyscalls                   0                       # Number of system calls
system.cooldown_cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu00.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu00.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu00.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu00.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu00.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu00.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu00.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu00.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu00.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu00.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu00.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu00.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu00.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu01.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu01.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu01.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu01.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu01.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu01.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu01.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu01.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu01.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu01.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu01.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu01.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu01.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu01.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu01.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu01.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu01.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu01.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu01.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu01.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu01.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu01.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu01.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu01.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu01.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu01.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu01.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu01.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu01.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu01.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu02.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu02.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu02.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu02.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu02.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu02.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu02.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu02.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu02.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu02.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu02.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu02.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu02.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu02.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu02.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu02.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu02.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu02.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu02.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu02.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu02.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu02.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu02.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu02.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu02.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu02.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu02.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu02.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu02.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu02.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu03.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu03.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu03.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu03.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu03.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu03.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu03.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu03.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu03.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu03.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu03.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu03.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu03.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu03.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu03.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu03.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu03.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu03.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu03.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu03.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu03.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu03.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu03.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu03.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu03.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu03.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu03.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu03.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu03.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu03.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu04.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu04.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu04.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu04.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu04.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu04.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu04.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu04.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu04.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu04.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu04.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu04.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu04.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu04.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu04.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu04.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu04.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu04.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu04.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu04.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu04.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu04.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu04.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu04.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu04.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu04.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu04.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu04.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu04.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu04.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu05.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu05.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu05.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu05.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu05.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu05.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu05.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu05.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu05.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu05.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu05.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu05.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu05.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu05.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu05.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu05.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu05.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu05.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu05.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu05.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu05.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu05.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu05.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu05.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu05.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu05.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu05.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu05.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu05.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu05.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu06.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu06.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu06.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu06.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu06.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu06.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu06.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu06.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu06.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu06.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu06.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu06.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu06.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu06.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu06.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu06.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu06.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu06.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu06.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu06.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu06.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu06.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu06.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu06.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu06.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu06.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu06.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu06.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu06.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu06.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu07.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu07.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu07.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu07.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu07.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu07.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu07.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu07.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu07.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu07.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu07.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu07.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu07.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu07.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu07.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu07.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu07.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu07.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu07.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu07.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu07.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu07.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu07.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu07.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu07.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu07.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu07.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu07.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu07.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu07.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu08.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu08.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu08.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu08.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu08.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu08.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu08.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu08.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu08.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu08.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu08.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu08.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu08.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu08.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu08.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu08.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu08.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu08.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu08.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu08.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu08.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu08.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu08.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu08.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu08.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu08.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu08.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu08.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu08.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu08.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu09.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu09.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu09.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu09.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu09.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu09.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu09.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu09.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu09.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu09.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu09.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu09.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu09.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu09.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu09.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu09.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu09.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu09.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu09.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu09.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu09.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu09.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu09.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu09.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu09.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu09.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu09.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu09.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu09.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu09.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu10.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu10.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu10.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu10.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu10.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu10.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu10.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu10.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu10.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu10.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu10.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu10.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu10.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu10.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu10.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu10.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu10.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu10.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu10.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu10.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu10.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu10.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu10.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu10.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu10.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu10.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu10.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu10.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu10.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu10.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu11.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu11.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu11.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu11.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu11.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu11.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu11.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu11.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu11.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu11.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu11.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu11.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu11.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu11.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu11.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu11.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu11.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu11.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu11.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu11.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu11.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu11.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu11.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu11.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu11.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu11.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu11.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu11.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu11.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu11.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu12.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu12.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu12.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu12.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu12.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu12.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu12.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu12.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu12.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu12.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu12.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu12.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu12.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu12.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu12.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu12.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu12.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu12.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu12.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu12.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu12.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu12.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu12.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu12.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu12.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu12.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu12.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu12.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu12.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu12.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu13.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu13.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu13.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu13.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu13.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu13.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu13.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu13.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu13.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu13.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu13.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu13.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu13.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu13.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu13.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu13.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu13.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu13.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu13.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu13.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu13.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu13.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu13.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu13.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu13.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu13.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu13.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu13.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu13.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu13.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu14.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu14.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu14.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu14.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu14.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu14.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu14.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu14.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu14.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu14.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu14.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu14.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu14.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu14.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu14.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu14.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu14.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu14.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu14.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu14.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu14.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu14.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu14.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu14.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu14.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu14.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu14.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu14.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu14.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu14.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu15.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu15.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu15.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu15.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu15.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu15.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu15.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu15.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu15.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu15.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu15.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu15.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu15.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu15.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu15.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu15.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu15.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu15.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu15.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu15.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu15.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu15.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu15.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu15.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu15.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu15.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu15.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu15.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu15.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu15.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu16.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu16.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu16.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu16.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu16.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu16.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu16.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu16.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu16.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu16.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu16.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu16.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu16.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu16.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu16.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu16.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu16.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu16.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu16.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu16.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu16.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu16.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu16.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu16.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu16.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu16.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu16.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu16.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu16.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu16.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu16.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu16.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu17.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu17.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu17.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu17.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu17.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu17.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu17.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu17.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu17.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu17.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu17.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu17.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu17.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu17.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu17.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu17.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu17.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu17.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu17.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu17.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu17.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu17.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu17.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu17.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu17.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu17.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu17.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu17.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu17.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu17.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu17.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu17.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu18.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu18.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu18.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu18.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu18.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu18.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu18.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu18.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu18.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu18.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu18.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu18.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu18.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu18.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu18.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu18.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu18.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu18.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu18.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu18.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu18.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu18.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu18.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu18.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu18.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu18.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu18.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu18.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu18.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu18.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu18.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu18.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu19.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu19.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu19.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu19.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu19.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu19.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu19.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu19.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu19.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu19.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu19.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu19.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu19.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu19.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu19.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu19.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu19.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu19.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu19.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu19.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu19.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu19.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu19.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu19.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu19.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu19.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu19.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu19.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu19.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu19.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu19.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu19.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu20.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu20.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu20.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu20.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu20.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu20.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu20.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu20.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu20.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu20.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu20.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu20.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu20.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu20.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu20.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu20.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu20.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu20.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu20.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu20.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu20.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu20.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu20.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu20.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu20.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu20.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu20.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu20.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu20.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu20.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu20.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu20.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu21.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu21.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu21.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu21.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu21.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu21.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu21.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu21.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu21.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu21.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu21.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu21.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu21.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu21.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu21.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu21.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu21.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu21.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu21.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu21.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu21.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu21.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu21.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu21.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu21.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu21.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu21.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu21.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu21.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu21.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu21.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu21.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu22.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu22.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu22.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu22.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu22.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu22.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu22.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu22.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu22.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu22.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu22.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu22.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu22.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu22.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu22.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu22.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu22.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu22.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu22.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu22.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu22.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu22.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu22.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu22.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu22.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu22.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu22.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu22.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu22.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu22.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu22.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu22.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu23.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu23.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu23.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu23.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu23.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu23.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu23.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu23.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu23.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu23.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu23.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu23.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu23.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu23.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu23.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu23.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu23.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu23.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu23.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu23.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu23.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu23.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu23.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu23.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu23.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu23.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu23.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu23.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu23.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu23.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu23.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu23.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu24.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu24.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu24.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu24.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu24.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu24.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu24.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu24.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu24.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu24.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu24.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu24.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu24.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu24.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu24.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu24.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu24.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu24.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu24.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu24.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu24.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu24.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu24.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu24.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu24.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu24.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu24.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu24.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu24.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu24.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu24.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu24.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu25.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu25.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu25.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu25.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu25.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu25.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu25.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu25.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu25.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu25.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu25.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu25.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu25.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu25.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu25.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu25.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu25.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu25.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu25.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu25.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu25.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu25.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu25.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu25.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu25.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu25.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu25.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu25.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu25.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu25.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu25.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu25.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu26.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu26.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu26.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu26.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu26.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu26.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu26.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu26.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu26.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu26.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu26.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu26.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu26.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu26.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu26.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu26.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu26.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu26.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu26.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu26.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu26.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu26.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu26.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu26.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu26.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu26.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu26.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu26.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu26.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu26.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu26.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu26.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu27.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu27.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu27.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu27.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu27.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu27.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu27.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu27.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu27.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu27.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu27.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu27.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu27.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu27.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu27.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu27.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu27.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu27.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu27.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu27.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu27.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu27.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu27.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu27.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu27.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu27.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu27.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu27.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu27.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu27.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu27.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu27.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu28.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu28.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu28.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu28.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu28.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu28.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu28.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu28.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu28.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu28.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu28.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu28.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu28.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu28.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu28.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu28.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu28.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu28.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu28.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu28.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu28.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu28.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu28.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu28.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu28.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu28.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu28.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu28.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu28.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu28.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu28.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu28.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu29.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu29.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu29.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu29.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu29.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu29.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu29.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu29.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu29.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu29.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu29.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu29.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu29.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu29.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu29.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu29.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu29.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu29.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu29.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu29.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu29.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu29.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu29.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu29.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu29.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu29.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu29.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu29.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu29.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu29.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu29.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu29.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu30.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu30.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu30.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu30.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu30.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu30.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu30.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu30.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu30.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu30.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu30.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu30.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu30.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu30.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu30.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu30.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu30.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu30.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu30.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu30.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu30.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu30.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu30.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu30.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu30.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu30.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu30.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu30.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu30.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu30.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu30.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu30.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu31.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu31.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu31.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu31.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu31.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu31.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu31.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu31.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu31.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu31.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu31.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu31.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu31.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu31.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu31.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu31.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu31.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu31.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu31.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu31.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu31.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu31.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu31.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu31.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu31.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu31.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu31.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu31.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu31.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu31.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu31.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu31.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu32.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu32.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu32.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu32.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu32.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu32.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu32.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu32.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu32.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu32.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu32.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu32.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu32.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu32.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu32.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu32.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu32.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu32.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu32.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu32.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu32.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu32.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu32.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu32.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu32.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu32.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu32.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu32.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu32.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu32.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu32.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu32.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu33.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu33.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu33.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu33.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu33.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu33.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu33.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu33.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu33.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu33.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu33.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu33.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu33.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu33.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu33.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu33.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu33.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu33.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu33.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu33.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu33.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu33.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu33.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu33.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu33.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu33.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu33.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu33.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu33.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu33.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu33.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu33.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu34.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu34.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu34.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu34.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu34.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu34.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu34.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu34.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu34.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu34.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu34.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu34.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu34.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu34.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu34.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu34.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu34.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu34.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu34.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu34.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu34.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu34.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu34.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu34.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu34.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu34.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu34.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu34.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu34.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu34.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu34.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu34.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu35.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu35.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu35.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu35.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu35.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu35.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu35.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu35.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu35.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu35.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu35.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu35.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu35.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu35.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu35.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu35.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu35.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu35.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu35.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu35.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu35.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu35.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu35.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu35.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu35.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu35.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu35.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu35.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu35.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu35.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu35.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu35.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu36.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu36.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu36.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu36.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu36.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu36.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu36.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu36.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu36.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu36.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu36.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu36.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu36.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu36.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu36.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu36.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu36.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu36.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu36.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu36.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu36.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu36.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu36.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu36.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu36.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu36.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu36.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu36.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu36.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu36.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu36.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu36.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu37.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu37.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu37.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu37.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu37.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu37.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu37.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu37.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu37.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu37.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu37.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu37.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu37.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu37.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu37.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu37.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu37.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu37.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu37.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu37.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu37.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu37.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu37.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu37.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu37.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu37.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu37.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu37.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu37.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu37.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu37.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu37.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu38.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu38.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu38.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu38.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu38.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu38.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu38.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu38.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu38.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu38.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu38.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu38.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu38.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu38.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu38.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu38.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu38.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu38.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu38.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu38.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu38.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu38.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu38.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu38.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu38.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu38.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu38.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu38.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu38.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu38.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu38.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu38.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu39.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu39.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu39.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu39.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu39.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu39.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu39.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu39.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu39.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu39.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu39.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu39.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu39.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu39.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu39.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu39.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu39.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu39.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu39.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu39.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu39.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu39.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu39.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu39.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu39.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu39.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu39.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu39.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu39.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu39.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu39.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu39.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu40.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu40.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu40.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu40.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu40.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu40.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu40.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu40.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu40.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu40.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu40.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu40.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu40.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu40.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu40.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu40.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu40.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu40.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu40.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu40.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu40.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu40.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu40.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu40.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu40.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu40.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu40.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu40.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu40.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu40.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu40.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu40.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu41.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu41.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu41.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu41.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu41.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu41.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu41.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu41.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu41.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu41.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu41.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu41.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu41.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu41.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu41.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu41.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu41.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu41.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu41.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu41.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu41.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu41.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu41.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu41.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu41.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu41.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu41.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu41.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu41.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu41.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu41.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu41.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu42.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu42.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu42.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu42.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu42.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu42.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu42.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu42.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu42.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu42.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu42.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu42.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu42.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu42.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu42.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu42.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu42.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu42.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu42.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu42.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu42.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu42.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu42.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu42.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu42.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu42.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu42.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu42.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu42.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu42.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu42.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu42.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu43.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu43.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu43.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu43.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu43.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu43.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu43.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu43.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu43.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu43.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu43.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu43.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu43.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu43.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu43.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu43.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu43.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu43.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu43.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu43.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu43.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu43.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu43.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu43.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu43.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu43.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu43.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu43.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu43.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu43.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu43.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu43.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu44.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu44.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu44.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu44.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu44.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu44.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu44.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu44.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu44.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu44.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu44.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu44.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu44.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu44.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu44.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu44.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu44.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu44.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu44.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu44.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu44.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu44.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu44.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu44.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu44.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu44.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu44.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu44.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu44.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu44.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu44.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu44.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu45.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu45.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu45.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu45.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu45.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu45.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu45.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu45.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu45.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu45.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu45.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu45.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu45.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu45.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu45.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu45.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu45.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu45.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu45.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu45.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu45.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu45.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu45.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu45.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu45.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu45.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu45.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu45.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu45.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu45.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu45.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu45.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu46.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu46.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu46.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu46.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu46.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu46.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu46.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu46.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu46.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu46.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu46.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu46.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu46.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu46.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu46.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu46.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu46.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu46.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu46.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu46.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu46.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu46.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu46.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu46.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu46.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu46.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu46.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu46.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu46.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu46.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu46.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu46.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu47.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu47.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu47.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu47.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu47.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu47.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu47.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu47.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu47.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu47.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu47.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu47.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu47.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu47.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu47.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu47.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu47.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu47.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu47.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu47.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu47.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu47.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu47.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu47.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu47.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu47.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu47.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu47.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu47.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu47.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu47.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu47.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu48.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu48.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu48.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu48.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu48.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu48.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu48.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu48.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu48.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu48.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu48.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu48.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu48.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu48.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu48.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu48.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu48.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu48.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu48.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu48.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu48.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu48.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu48.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu48.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu48.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu48.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu48.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu48.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu48.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu48.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu48.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu48.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu49.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu49.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu49.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu49.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu49.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu49.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu49.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu49.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu49.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu49.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu49.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu49.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu49.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu49.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu49.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu49.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu49.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu49.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu49.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu49.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu49.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu49.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu49.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu49.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu49.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu49.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu49.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu49.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu49.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu49.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu49.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu49.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu50.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu50.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu50.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu50.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu50.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu50.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu50.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu50.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu50.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu50.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu50.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu50.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu50.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu50.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu50.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu50.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu50.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu50.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu50.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu50.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu50.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu50.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu50.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu50.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu50.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu50.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu50.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu50.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu50.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu50.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu50.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu50.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu51.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu51.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu51.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu51.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu51.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu51.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu51.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu51.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu51.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu51.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu51.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu51.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu51.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu51.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu51.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu51.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu51.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu51.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu51.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu51.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu51.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu51.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu51.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu51.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu51.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu51.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu51.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu51.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu51.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu51.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu51.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu51.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu52.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu52.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu52.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu52.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu52.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu52.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu52.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu52.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu52.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu52.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu52.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu52.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu52.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu52.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu52.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu52.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu52.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu52.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu52.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu52.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu52.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu52.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu52.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu52.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu52.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu52.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu52.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu52.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu52.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu52.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu52.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu52.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu53.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu53.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu53.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu53.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu53.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu53.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu53.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu53.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu53.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu53.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu53.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu53.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu53.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu53.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu53.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu53.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu53.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu53.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu53.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu53.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu53.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu53.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu53.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu53.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu53.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu53.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu53.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu53.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu53.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu53.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu53.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu53.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu54.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu54.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu54.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu54.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu54.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu54.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu54.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu54.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu54.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu54.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu54.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu54.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu54.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu54.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu54.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu54.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu54.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu54.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu54.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu54.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu54.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu54.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu54.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu54.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu54.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu54.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu54.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu54.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu54.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu54.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu54.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu54.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu55.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu55.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu55.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu55.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu55.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu55.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu55.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu55.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu55.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu55.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu55.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu55.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu55.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu55.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu55.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu55.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu55.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu55.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu55.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu55.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu55.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu55.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu55.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu55.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu55.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu55.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu55.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu55.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu55.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu55.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu55.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu55.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu56.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu56.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu56.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu56.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu56.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu56.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu56.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu56.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu56.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu56.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu56.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu56.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu56.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu56.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu56.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu56.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu56.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu56.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu56.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu56.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu56.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu56.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu56.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu56.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu56.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu56.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu56.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu56.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu56.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu56.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu56.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu56.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu57.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu57.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu57.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu57.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu57.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu57.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu57.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu57.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu57.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu57.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu57.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu57.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu57.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu57.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu57.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu57.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu57.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu57.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu57.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu57.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu57.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu57.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu57.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu57.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu57.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu57.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu57.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu57.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu57.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu57.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu57.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu57.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu58.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu58.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu58.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu58.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu58.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu58.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu58.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu58.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu58.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu58.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu58.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu58.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu58.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu58.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu58.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu58.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu58.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu58.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu58.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu58.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu58.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu58.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu58.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu58.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu58.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu58.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu58.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu58.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu58.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu58.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu58.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu58.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu59.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu59.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu59.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu59.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu59.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu59.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu59.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu59.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu59.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu59.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu59.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu59.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu59.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu59.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu59.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu59.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu59.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu59.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu59.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu59.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu59.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu59.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu59.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu59.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu59.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu59.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu59.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu59.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu59.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu59.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu59.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu59.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu60.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu60.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu60.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu60.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu60.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu60.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu60.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu60.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu60.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu60.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu60.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu60.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu60.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu60.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu60.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu60.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu60.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu60.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu60.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu60.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu60.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu60.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu60.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu60.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu60.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu60.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu60.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu60.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu60.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu60.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu60.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu60.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu61.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu61.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu61.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu61.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu61.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu61.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu61.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu61.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu61.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu61.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu61.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu61.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu61.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu61.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu61.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu61.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu61.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu61.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu61.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu61.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu61.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu61.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu61.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu61.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu61.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu61.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu61.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu61.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu61.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu61.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu61.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu61.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu62.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu62.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu62.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu62.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu62.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu62.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu62.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu62.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu62.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu62.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu62.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu62.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu62.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu62.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu62.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu62.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu62.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu62.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu62.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu62.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu62.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu62.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu62.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu62.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu62.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu62.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu62.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu62.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu62.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu62.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu62.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu62.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.dtb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu63.dtb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu63.dtb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu63.dtb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu63.dtb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu63.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu63.dtb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu63.dtb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu63.dtb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu63.itb.read_hits                 0                       # DTB read hits
system.cooldown_cpu63.itb.read_misses               0                       # DTB read misses
system.cooldown_cpu63.itb.read_accesses             0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cooldown_cpu63.itb.write_hits                0                       # DTB write hits
system.cooldown_cpu63.itb.write_misses              0                       # DTB write misses
system.cooldown_cpu63.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cooldown_cpu63.itb.hits                      0                       # DTB hits
system.cooldown_cpu63.itb.misses                    0                       # DTB misses
system.cooldown_cpu63.itb.accesses                  0                       # DTB accesses
system.cooldown_cpu63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cooldown_cpu63.numCycles                     0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cooldown_cpu63.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cooldown_cpu63.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cooldown_cpu63.uli_resp_ack_sent             0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu63.uli_resp_nack_sent            0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cooldown_cpu63.uli_resp_ack_received            0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cooldown_cpu63.uli_resp_nack_received            0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cooldown_cpu63.uli_req_sent                  0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cooldown_cpu63.uli_req_received              0                       # number of uli request received
system.cooldown_cpu63.committedInsts                0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cooldown_cpu63.committedOps                  0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_func_calls                0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_int_insts                 0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_fp_insts                  0                       # number of float instructions
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_vec_insts                 0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_mem_refs                  0                       # number of memory refs
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_load_insts                0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_store_insts               0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_idle_cycles               0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu63.num_busy_cycles               0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cooldown_cpu63.not_idle_fraction             0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu63.idle_fraction                 1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::IntAlu              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::IntMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::IntDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::FloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdShift            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdAes             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdAesMix            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::MemRead             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::MemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::IprAccess            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::Accelerator            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cooldown_cpu63.op_class::total               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu00.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu00.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu00.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu00.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu00.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu01.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu01.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu01.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu01.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu01.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 1                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu02.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu02.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu02.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu02.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu02.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 2                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                1                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        1                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                      1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu03.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu03.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu03.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu03.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu03.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu04.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu04.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu04.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu04.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu04.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu05.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu05.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu05.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu05.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu05.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 2                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                1                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu06.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu06.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu06.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu06.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu06.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu07.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu07.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu07.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu07.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu07.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu08.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu08.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu08.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu08.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu08.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 2                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                1                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu09.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu09.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu09.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu09.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu09.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu10.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu10.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu10.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu10.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu10.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu11.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu11.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu11.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu11.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu11.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 1                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu12.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu12.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu12.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu12.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu12.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu13.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu13.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu13.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu13.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu13.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu14.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu14.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu14.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu14.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu14.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 1                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                1                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu15.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu15.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu15.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu15.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu15.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu16.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu16.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu16.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu16.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu16.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu16.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu16.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu16.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu16.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu16.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu16.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu16.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu16.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu16.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu16.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu16.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu16.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu16.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu16.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu16.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu16.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu16.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu16.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu16.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu16.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu16.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu16.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu16.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu16.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu16.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu16.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu16.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu16.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu16.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu17.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu17.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu17.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu17.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu17.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu17.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu17.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu17.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu17.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu17.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu17.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu17.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu17.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu17.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu17.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu17.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu17.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu17.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu17.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu17.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu17.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu17.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu17.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu17.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu17.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu17.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu17.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu17.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu17.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu17.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu17.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu17.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu17.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu17.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu18.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu18.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu18.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu18.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu18.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu18.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu18.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu18.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu18.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu18.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu18.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu18.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu18.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu18.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu18.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu18.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu18.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu18.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu18.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu18.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu18.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu18.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu18.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu18.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu18.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu18.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu18.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu18.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu18.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu18.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu18.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu18.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu18.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu18.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu19.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu19.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu19.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu19.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu19.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu19.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu19.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu19.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu19.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu19.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu19.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu19.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu19.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu19.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu19.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu19.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu19.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu19.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu19.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu19.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu19.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu19.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu19.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu19.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu19.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu19.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu19.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu19.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu19.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu19.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu19.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu19.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu19.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu19.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu20.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu20.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu20.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu20.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu20.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu20.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu20.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu20.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu20.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu20.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu20.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu20.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu20.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu20.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu20.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu20.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu20.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu20.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu20.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu20.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu20.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu20.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu20.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu20.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu20.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu20.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu20.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu20.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu20.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu20.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu20.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu20.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu20.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu20.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu21.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu21.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu21.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu21.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu21.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu21.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu21.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu21.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu21.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu21.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu21.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu21.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu21.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu21.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu21.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu21.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu21.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu21.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu21.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu21.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu21.num_int_register_reads                 2                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu21.num_int_register_writes                1                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu21.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu21.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu21.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu21.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu21.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu21.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu21.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu21.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu21.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu21.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu21.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu21.op_class::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IntDiv                       1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu22.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu22.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu22.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu22.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu22.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu22.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu22.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu22.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu22.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu22.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu22.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu22.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu22.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu22.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu22.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu22.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu22.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu22.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu22.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu22.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu22.num_int_register_reads                 1                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu22.num_int_register_writes                1                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu22.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu22.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu22.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu22.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu22.num_mem_refs                           1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu22.num_load_insts                         1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu22.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu22.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu22.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu22.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu22.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu22.op_class::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::MemRead                      1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu23.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu23.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu23.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu23.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu23.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu23.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu23.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu23.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu23.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu23.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu23.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu23.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu23.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu23.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu23.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu23.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu23.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu23.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu23.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu23.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu23.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu23.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu23.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu23.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu23.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu23.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu23.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu23.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu23.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu23.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu23.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu23.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu23.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu23.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu24.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu24.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu24.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu24.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu24.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu24.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu24.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu24.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu24.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu24.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu24.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu24.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu24.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu24.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu24.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu24.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu24.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu24.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu24.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu24.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu24.num_int_register_reads                 2                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu24.num_int_register_writes                2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu24.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu24.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu24.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu24.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu24.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu24.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu24.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu24.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu24.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu24.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu24.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu24.op_class::No_OpClass                   1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu25.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu25.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu25.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu25.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu25.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu25.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu25.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu25.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu25.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu25.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu25.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu25.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu25.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu25.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu25.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu25.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu25.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu25.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu25.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu25.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu25.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu25.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu25.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu25.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu25.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu25.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu25.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu25.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu25.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu25.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu25.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu25.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu25.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu25.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu26.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu26.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu26.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu26.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu26.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu26.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu26.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu26.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu26.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu26.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu26.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu26.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu26.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu26.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu26.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu26.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu26.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu26.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu26.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu26.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu26.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu26.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu26.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu26.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu26.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu26.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu26.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu26.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu26.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu26.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu26.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu26.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu26.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu26.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu27.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu27.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu27.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu27.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu27.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu27.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu27.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu27.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu27.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu27.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu27.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu27.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu27.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu27.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu27.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu27.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu27.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu27.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu27.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu27.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu27.num_int_register_reads                 1                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu27.num_int_register_writes                2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu27.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu27.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu27.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu27.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu27.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu27.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu27.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu27.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu27.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu27.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu27.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu27.op_class::No_OpClass                   1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu28.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu28.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu28.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu28.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu28.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu28.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu28.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu28.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu28.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu28.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu28.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu28.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu28.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu28.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu28.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu28.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu28.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu28.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu28.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu28.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu28.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu28.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu28.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu28.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu28.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu28.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu28.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu28.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu28.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu28.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu28.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu28.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu28.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu28.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu29.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu29.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu29.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu29.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu29.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu29.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu29.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu29.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu29.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu29.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu29.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu29.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu29.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu29.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu29.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu29.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu29.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu29.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu29.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu29.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu29.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu29.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu29.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu29.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu29.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu29.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu29.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu29.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu29.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu29.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu29.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu29.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu29.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu29.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu30.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu30.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu30.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu30.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu30.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu30.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu30.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu30.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu30.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu30.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu30.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu30.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu30.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu30.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu30.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu30.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu30.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu30.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu30.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu30.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu30.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu30.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu30.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu30.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu30.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu30.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu30.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu30.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu30.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu30.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu30.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu30.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu30.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu30.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu31.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu31.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu31.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu31.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu31.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu31.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu31.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu31.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu31.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu31.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu31.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu31.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu31.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu31.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu31.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu31.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu31.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu31.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu31.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu31.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu31.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu31.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu31.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu31.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu31.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu31.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu31.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu31.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu31.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu31.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu31.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu31.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu31.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu31.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu32.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu32.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu32.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu32.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu32.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu32.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu32.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu32.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu32.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu32.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu32.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu32.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu32.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu32.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu32.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu32.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu32.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu32.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu32.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu32.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu32.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu32.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu32.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu32.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu32.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu32.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu32.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu32.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu32.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu32.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu32.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu32.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu32.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu32.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu32.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu32.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu32.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu32.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu32.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu32.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu32.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu32.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu32.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu32.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu32.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu32.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu32.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu32.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu32.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu32.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu32.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu32.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu32.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu32.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu32.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu33.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu33.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu33.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu33.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu33.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu33.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu33.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu33.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu33.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu33.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu33.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu33.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu33.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu33.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu33.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu33.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu33.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu33.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu33.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu33.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu33.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu33.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu33.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu33.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu33.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu33.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu33.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu33.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu33.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu33.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu33.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu33.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu33.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu33.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu33.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu33.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu33.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu33.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu33.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu33.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu33.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu33.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu33.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu33.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu33.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu33.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu33.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu33.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu33.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu33.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu33.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu33.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu33.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu33.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu33.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu34.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu34.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu34.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu34.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu34.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu34.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu34.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu34.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu34.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu34.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu34.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu34.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu34.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu34.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu34.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu34.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu34.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu34.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu34.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu34.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu34.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu34.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu34.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu34.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu34.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu34.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu34.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu34.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu34.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu34.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu34.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu34.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu34.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu34.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu34.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu34.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu34.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu34.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu34.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu34.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu34.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu34.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu34.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu34.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu34.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu34.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu34.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu34.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu34.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu34.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu34.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu34.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu34.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu34.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu34.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu35.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu35.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu35.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu35.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu35.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu35.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu35.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu35.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu35.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu35.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu35.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu35.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu35.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu35.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu35.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu35.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu35.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu35.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu35.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu35.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu35.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu35.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu35.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu35.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu35.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu35.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu35.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu35.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu35.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu35.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu35.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu35.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu35.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu35.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu35.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu35.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu35.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu35.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu35.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu35.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu35.num_int_register_reads                 1                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu35.num_int_register_writes                2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu35.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu35.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu35.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu35.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu35.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu35.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu35.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu35.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu35.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu35.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu35.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu35.op_class::No_OpClass                   1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu35.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu36.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu36.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu36.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu36.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu36.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu36.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu36.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu36.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu36.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu36.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu36.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu36.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu36.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu36.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu36.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu36.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu36.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu36.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu36.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu36.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu36.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu36.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu36.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu36.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu36.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu36.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu36.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu36.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu36.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu36.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu36.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu36.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu36.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu36.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu36.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu36.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu36.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu36.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu36.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu36.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu36.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu36.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu36.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu36.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu36.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu36.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu36.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu36.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu36.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu36.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu36.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu36.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu36.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu36.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu36.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu37.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu37.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu37.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu37.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu37.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu37.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu37.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu37.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu37.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu37.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu37.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu37.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu37.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu37.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu37.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu37.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu37.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu37.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu37.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu37.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu37.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu37.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu37.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu37.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu37.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu37.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu37.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu37.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu37.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu37.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu37.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu37.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu37.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu37.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu37.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu37.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu37.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu37.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu37.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu37.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu37.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu37.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu37.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu37.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu37.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu37.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu37.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu37.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu37.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu37.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu37.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu37.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu37.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu37.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu37.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu38.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu38.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu38.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu38.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu38.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu38.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu38.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu38.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu38.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu38.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu38.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu38.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu38.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu38.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu38.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu38.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu38.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu38.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu38.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu38.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu38.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu38.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu38.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu38.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu38.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu38.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu38.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu38.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu38.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu38.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu38.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu38.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu38.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu38.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu38.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu38.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu38.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu38.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu38.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu38.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu38.num_int_register_reads                 1                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu38.num_int_register_writes                2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu38.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu38.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu38.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu38.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu38.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu38.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu38.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu38.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu38.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu38.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu38.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu38.op_class::No_OpClass                   1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu38.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu39.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu39.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu39.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu39.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu39.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu39.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu39.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu39.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu39.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu39.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu39.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu39.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu39.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu39.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu39.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu39.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu39.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu39.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu39.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu39.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu39.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu39.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu39.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu39.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu39.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu39.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu39.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu39.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu39.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu39.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu39.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu39.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu39.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu39.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu39.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu39.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu39.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu39.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu39.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu39.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu39.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu39.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu39.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu39.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu39.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu39.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu39.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu39.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu39.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu39.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu39.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu39.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu39.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu39.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu39.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu40.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu40.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu40.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu40.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu40.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu40.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu40.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu40.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu40.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu40.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu40.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu40.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu40.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu40.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu40.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu40.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu40.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu40.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu40.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu40.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu40.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu40.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu40.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu40.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu40.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu40.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu40.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu40.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu40.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu40.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu40.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu40.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu40.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu40.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu40.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu40.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu40.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu40.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu40.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu40.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu40.num_int_register_reads                 2                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu40.num_int_register_writes                1                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu40.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu40.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu40.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu40.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu40.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu40.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu40.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu40.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu40.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu40.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu40.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu40.op_class::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::IntDiv                       1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu40.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu41.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu41.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu41.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu41.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu41.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu41.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu41.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu41.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu41.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu41.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu41.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu41.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu41.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu41.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu41.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu41.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu41.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu41.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu41.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu41.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu41.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu41.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu41.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu41.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu41.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu41.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu41.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu41.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu41.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu41.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu41.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu41.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu41.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu41.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu41.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu41.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu41.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu41.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu41.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu41.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu41.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu41.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu41.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu41.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu41.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu41.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu41.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu41.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu41.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu41.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu41.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu41.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu41.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu41.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu41.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu42.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu42.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu42.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu42.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu42.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu42.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu42.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu42.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu42.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu42.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu42.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu42.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu42.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu42.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu42.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu42.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu42.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu42.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu42.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu42.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu42.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu42.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu42.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu42.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu42.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu42.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu42.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu42.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu42.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu42.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu42.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu42.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu42.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu42.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu42.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu42.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu42.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu42.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu42.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu42.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu42.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu42.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu42.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu42.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu42.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu42.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu42.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu42.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu42.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu42.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu42.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu42.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu42.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu42.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu42.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu43.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu43.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu43.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu43.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu43.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu43.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu43.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu43.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu43.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu43.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu43.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu43.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu43.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu43.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu43.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu43.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu43.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu43.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu43.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu43.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu43.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu43.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu43.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu43.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu43.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu43.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu43.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu43.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu43.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu43.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu43.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu43.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu43.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu43.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu43.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu43.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu43.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu43.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu43.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu43.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu43.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu43.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu43.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu43.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu43.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu43.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu43.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu43.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu43.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu43.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu43.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu43.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu43.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu43.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu43.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu44.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu44.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu44.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu44.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu44.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu44.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu44.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu44.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu44.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu44.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu44.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu44.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu44.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu44.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu44.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu44.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu44.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu44.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu44.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu44.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu44.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu44.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu44.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu44.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu44.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu44.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu44.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu44.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu44.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu44.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu44.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu44.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu44.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu44.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu44.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu44.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu44.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu44.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu44.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu44.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu44.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu44.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu44.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu44.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu44.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu44.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu44.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu44.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu44.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu44.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu44.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu44.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu44.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu44.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu44.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu45.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu45.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu45.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu45.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu45.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu45.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu45.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu45.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu45.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu45.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu45.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu45.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu45.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu45.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu45.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu45.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu45.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu45.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu45.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu45.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu45.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu45.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu45.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu45.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu45.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu45.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu45.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu45.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu45.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu45.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu45.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu45.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu45.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu45.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu45.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu45.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu45.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu45.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu45.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu45.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu45.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu45.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu45.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu45.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu45.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu45.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu45.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu45.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu45.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu45.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu45.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu45.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu45.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu45.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu45.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu46.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu46.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu46.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu46.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu46.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu46.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu46.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu46.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu46.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu46.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu46.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu46.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu46.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu46.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu46.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu46.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu46.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu46.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu46.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu46.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu46.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu46.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu46.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu46.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu46.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu46.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu46.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu46.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu46.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu46.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu46.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu46.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu46.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu46.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu46.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu46.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu46.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu46.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu46.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu46.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu46.num_int_register_reads                 1                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu46.num_int_register_writes                2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu46.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu46.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu46.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu46.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu46.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu46.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu46.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu46.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu46.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu46.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu46.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu46.op_class::No_OpClass                   1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu46.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu47.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu47.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu47.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu47.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu47.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu47.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu47.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu47.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu47.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu47.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu47.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu47.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu47.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu47.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu47.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu47.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu47.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu47.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu47.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu47.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu47.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu47.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu47.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu47.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu47.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu47.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu47.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu47.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu47.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu47.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu47.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu47.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu47.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu47.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu47.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu47.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu47.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu47.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu47.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu47.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu47.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu47.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu47.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu47.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu47.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu47.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu47.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu47.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu47.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu47.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu47.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu47.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu47.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu47.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu47.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu48.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu48.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu48.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu48.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu48.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu48.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu48.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu48.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu48.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu48.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu48.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu48.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu48.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu48.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu48.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu48.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu48.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu48.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu48.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu48.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu48.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu48.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu48.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu48.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu48.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu48.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu48.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu48.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu48.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu48.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu48.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu48.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu48.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu48.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu48.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu48.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu48.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu48.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu48.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu48.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu48.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu48.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu48.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu48.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu48.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu48.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu48.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu48.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu48.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu48.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu48.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu48.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu48.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu48.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu48.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu49.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu49.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu49.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu49.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu49.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu49.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu49.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu49.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu49.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu49.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu49.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu49.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu49.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu49.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu49.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu49.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu49.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu49.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu49.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu49.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu49.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu49.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu49.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu49.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu49.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu49.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu49.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu49.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu49.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu49.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu49.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu49.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu49.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu49.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu49.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu49.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu49.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu49.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu49.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu49.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu49.num_int_register_reads                 1                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu49.num_int_register_writes                1                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu49.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu49.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu49.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu49.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu49.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu49.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu49.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu49.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu49.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu49.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu49.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu49.op_class::No_OpClass                   1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu49.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu50.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu50.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu50.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu50.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu50.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu50.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu50.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu50.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu50.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu50.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu50.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu50.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu50.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu50.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu50.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu50.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu50.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu50.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu50.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu50.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu50.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu50.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu50.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu50.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu50.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu50.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu50.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu50.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu50.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu50.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu50.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu50.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu50.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu50.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu50.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu50.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu50.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu50.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu50.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu50.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu50.num_int_register_reads                 2                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu50.num_int_register_writes                1                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu50.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu50.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu50.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu50.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu50.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu50.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu50.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu50.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu50.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu50.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu50.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu50.op_class::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::IntMult                      1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu50.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu51.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu51.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu51.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu51.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu51.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu51.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu51.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu51.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu51.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu51.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu51.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu51.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu51.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu51.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu51.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu51.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu51.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu51.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu51.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu51.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu51.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu51.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu51.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu51.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu51.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu51.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu51.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu51.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu51.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu51.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu51.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu51.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu51.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu51.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu51.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu51.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu51.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu51.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu51.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu51.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu51.num_int_register_reads                 2                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu51.num_int_register_writes                2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu51.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu51.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu51.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu51.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu51.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu51.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu51.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu51.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu51.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu51.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu51.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu51.op_class::No_OpClass                   1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu51.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu52.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu52.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu52.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu52.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu52.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu52.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu52.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu52.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu52.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu52.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu52.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu52.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu52.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu52.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu52.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu52.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu52.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu52.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu52.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu52.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu52.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu52.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu52.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu52.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu52.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu52.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu52.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu52.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu52.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu52.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu52.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu52.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu52.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu52.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu52.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu52.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu52.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu52.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu52.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu52.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu52.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu52.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu52.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu52.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu52.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu52.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu52.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu52.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu52.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu52.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu52.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu52.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu52.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu52.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu52.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu53.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu53.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu53.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu53.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu53.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu53.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu53.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu53.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu53.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu53.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu53.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu53.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu53.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu53.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu53.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu53.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu53.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu53.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu53.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu53.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu53.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu53.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu53.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu53.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu53.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu53.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu53.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu53.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu53.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu53.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu53.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu53.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu53.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu53.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu53.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu53.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu53.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu53.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu53.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu53.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu53.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu53.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu53.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu53.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu53.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu53.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu53.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu53.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu53.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu53.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu53.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu53.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu53.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu53.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu53.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu54.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu54.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu54.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu54.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu54.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu54.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu54.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu54.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu54.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu54.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu54.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu54.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu54.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu54.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu54.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu54.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu54.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu54.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu54.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu54.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu54.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu54.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu54.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu54.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu54.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu54.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu54.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu54.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu54.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu54.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu54.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu54.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu54.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu54.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu54.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu54.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu54.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu54.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu54.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu54.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu54.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu54.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu54.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu54.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu54.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu54.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu54.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu54.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu54.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu54.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu54.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu54.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu54.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu54.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu54.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu55.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu55.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu55.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu55.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu55.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu55.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu55.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu55.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu55.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu55.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu55.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu55.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu55.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu55.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu55.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu55.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu55.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu55.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu55.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu55.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu55.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu55.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu55.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu55.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu55.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu55.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu55.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu55.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu55.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu55.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu55.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu55.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu55.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu55.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu55.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu55.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu55.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu55.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu55.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu55.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu55.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu55.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu55.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu55.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu55.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu55.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu55.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu55.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu55.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu55.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu55.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu55.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu55.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu55.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu55.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu56.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu56.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu56.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu56.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu56.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu56.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu56.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu56.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu56.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu56.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu56.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu56.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu56.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu56.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu56.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu56.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu56.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu56.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu56.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu56.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu56.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu56.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu56.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu56.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu56.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu56.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu56.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu56.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu56.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu56.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu56.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu56.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu56.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu56.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu56.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu56.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu56.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu56.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu56.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu56.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu56.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu56.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu56.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu56.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu56.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu56.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu56.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu56.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu56.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu56.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu56.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu56.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu56.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu56.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu56.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu57.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu57.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu57.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu57.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu57.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu57.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu57.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu57.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu57.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu57.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu57.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu57.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu57.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu57.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu57.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu57.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu57.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu57.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu57.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu57.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu57.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu57.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu57.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu57.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu57.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu57.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu57.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu57.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu57.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu57.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu57.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu57.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu57.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu57.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu57.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu57.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu57.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu57.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu57.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu57.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu57.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu57.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu57.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu57.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu57.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu57.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu57.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu57.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu57.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu57.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu57.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu57.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu57.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu57.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu57.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu58.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu58.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu58.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu58.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu58.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu58.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu58.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu58.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu58.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu58.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu58.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu58.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu58.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu58.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu58.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu58.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu58.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu58.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu58.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu58.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu58.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu58.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu58.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu58.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu58.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu58.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu58.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu58.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu58.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu58.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu58.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu58.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu58.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu58.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu58.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu58.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu58.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu58.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu58.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu58.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu58.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu58.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu58.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu58.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu58.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu58.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu58.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu58.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu58.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu58.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu58.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu58.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu58.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu58.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu58.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu59.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu59.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu59.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu59.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu59.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu59.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu59.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu59.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu59.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu59.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu59.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu59.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu59.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu59.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu59.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu59.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu59.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu59.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu59.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu59.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu59.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu59.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu59.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu59.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu59.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu59.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu59.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu59.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu59.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu59.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu59.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu59.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu59.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu59.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu59.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu59.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu59.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu59.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu59.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu59.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu59.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu59.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu59.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu59.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu59.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu59.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu59.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu59.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu59.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu59.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu59.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu59.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu59.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu59.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu59.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu60.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu60.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu60.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu60.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu60.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu60.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu60.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu60.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu60.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu60.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu60.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu60.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu60.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu60.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu60.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu60.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu60.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu60.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu60.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu60.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu60.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu60.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu60.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu60.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu60.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu60.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu60.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu60.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu60.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu60.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu60.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu60.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu60.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu60.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu60.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu60.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu60.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu60.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu60.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu60.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu60.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu60.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu60.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu60.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu60.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu60.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu60.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu60.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu60.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu60.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu60.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu60.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu60.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu60.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu60.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu61.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu61.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu61.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu61.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu61.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu61.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu61.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu61.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu61.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu61.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu61.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu61.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu61.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu61.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu61.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu61.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu61.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu61.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu61.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu61.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu61.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu61.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu61.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu61.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu61.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu61.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu61.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu61.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu61.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu61.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu61.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu61.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu61.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu61.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu61.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu61.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu61.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu61.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu61.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu61.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu61.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu61.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu61.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu61.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu61.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu61.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu61.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu61.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu61.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu61.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu61.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu61.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu61.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu61.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu61.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu62.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu62.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu62.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu62.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu62.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu62.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu62.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu62.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu62.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu62.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu62.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu62.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu62.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu62.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu62.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu62.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu62.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu62.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu62.numCycles                              1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu62.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu62.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu62.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu62.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu62.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu62.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu62.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu62.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu62.committedInsts                         1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu62.committedOps                           1                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu62.num_int_alu_accesses                   1                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu62.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu62.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu62.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu62.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu62.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu62.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu62.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu62.num_int_insts                          1                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu62.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu62.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu62.num_int_register_reads                 1                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu62.num_int_register_writes                2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu62.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu62.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu62.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu62.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu62.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu62.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu62.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu62.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu62.num_busy_cycles                        1                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu62.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu62.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu62.op_class::No_OpClass                   1    100.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::IntAlu                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::IntMult                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::IntDiv                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::MemRead                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::MemWrite                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::Accelerator                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu62.op_class::total                        1                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu63.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu63.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu63.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu63.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu63.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu63.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu63.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu63.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu63.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu63.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu63.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu63.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu63.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu63.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu63.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu63.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu63.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu63.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12975934500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   7598657000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu63.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu63.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu63.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu63.uli_resp_ack_sent                      0                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.cpu63.uli_resp_nack_sent                     0                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.cpu63.uli_resp_ack_received                  0                       # number of uli ack response received
system.cpu63.uli_resp_nack_received                 0                       # number of uli nack response received
system.cpu63.uli_req_sent                           0                       # number of uli request sent
system.cpu63.uli_req_received                       0                       # number of uli request received
system.cpu63.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu63.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu63.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu63.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu63.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu63.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu63.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu63.num_conditional_control_insts_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.cpu63.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken            0                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.cpu63.num_unconditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.cpu63.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu63.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu63.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu63.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu63.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu63.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu63.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu63.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu63.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu63.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu63.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu63.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu63.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu63.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu63.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu63.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu63.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::Accelerator                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu63.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu00.branchPred.lookups           834579                       # Number of BP lookups
system.main_cpu00.branchPred.condPredicted       764032                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.main_cpu00.branchPred.condIncorrect        69302                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.main_cpu00.branchPred.BTBLookups        679722                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.main_cpu00.branchPred.BTBHits           614629                       # Number of BTB hits
system.main_cpu00.branchPred.BTBCorrect             0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.main_cpu00.branchPred.BTBHitPct      90.423585                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.main_cpu00.branchPred.usedRAS             3108                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.main_cpu00.branchPred.RASInCorrect         2869                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.main_cpu00.branchPred.indirectLookups        49404                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.main_cpu00.branchPred.indirectHits        34474                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.main_cpu00.branchPred.indirectMisses        14930                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.main_cpu00.branchPredindirectMispredicted         2143                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.main_cpu00.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu00.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu00.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu00.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu00.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu00.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu00.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu00.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu00.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu00.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu00.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu00.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu00.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu00.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu00.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu00.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu00.numCycles                  15197314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu00.uli_resp_ack_sent               656                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu00.uli_resp_nack_sent            10879                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu00.uli_resp_ack_received           170                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu00.uli_resp_nack_received        13449                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu00.uli_req_sent                  13619                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu00.uli_req_received              11535                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu00.fetch.icacheStallCycles        57045                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.main_cpu00.fetch.Insts                 9896397                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.main_cpu00.fetch.Branches               834579                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.main_cpu00.fetch.predictedBranches       652211                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.main_cpu00.fetch.Cycles               14892403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.main_cpu00.fetch.SquashCycles            72331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.main_cpu00.fetch.MiscStallCycles        164125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.main_cpu00.fetch.CacheLines             758469                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.main_cpu00.fetch.IcacheSquashes             41                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.main_cpu00.fetch.rateDist::samples     15188887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu00.fetch.rateDist::mean       0.651572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu00.fetch.rateDist::stdev      0.697176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu00.fetch.rateDist::0           6659623     43.85%     43.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu00.fetch.rateDist::1           7625174     50.20%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu00.fetch.rateDist::2            577287      3.80%     97.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu00.fetch.rateDist::3            190310      1.25%     99.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu00.fetch.rateDist::4            136493      0.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu00.fetch.rateDist::total      15188887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu00.fetch.branchRate           0.054916                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.main_cpu00.fetch.rate                 0.651194                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.main_cpu00.fetch.uniqueInstCount       8403796                       # Number of unique instructions sent to Decode
system.main_cpu00.fetch.totalInstCount        8403796                       # Number of all instructions sent to Decode
system.main_cpu00.decode.IdleCycles            387545                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.main_cpu00.decode.BlockedCycles        6590731                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.main_cpu00.decode.RunCycles            7929033                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.main_cpu00.decode.UnblockCycles         235538                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.main_cpu00.decode.SquashCycles           46034                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.main_cpu00.decode.BranchResolved        431016                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.main_cpu00.decode.BranchMispred          26346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.main_cpu00.decode.DecodedInsts         8330804                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.main_cpu00.decode.SquashedInsts          26263                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.main_cpu00.rename.SquashCycles           46034                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.main_cpu00.rename.IdleCycles            633005                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.main_cpu00.rename.BlockCycles          6588151                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.main_cpu00.rename.serializeStallCycles         1868                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.main_cpu00.rename.RunCycles            7686707                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.main_cpu00.rename.UnblockCycles         233084                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.main_cpu00.rename.RenamedInsts         8284418                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.main_cpu00.rename.RenamedOperands      5530135                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.main_cpu00.rename.RenameLookups       14475646                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.main_cpu00.rename.int_rename_lookups      7226111                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.main_cpu00.rename.fp_rename_lookups      7249535                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.main_cpu00.rename.CommittedMaps        5159691                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.main_cpu00.rename.UndoneMaps            370436                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.main_cpu00.rename.serializingInsts           71                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.main_cpu00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          138                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.main_cpu00.rename.skidInsts             434023                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.main_cpu00.memDep0.insertedLoads       2540393                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.main_cpu00.memDep0.insertedStores      2204816                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.main_cpu00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       278941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.main_cpu00.memDep0.conflictingStores       240210                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.main_cpu00.iq.iqInstsAdded             7804534                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.main_cpu00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       388583                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.main_cpu00.iq.iqInstsIssued            8601317                       # Number of instructions issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       470452                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.main_cpu00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       118136                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.main_cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     15188887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.744023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      8097688     53.31%     53.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      6163859     40.58%     93.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       590486      3.89%     97.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        90930      0.60%     98.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       245924      1.62%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     15188887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc       351404    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAes               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::MemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_full::Accelerator            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       255482      2.97%      2.97% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu        1115145     12.96%     15.94% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         14099      0.16%     16.10% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv          13853      0.16%     16.26% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     16.26% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     16.26% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     16.26% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     16.26% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc      1805383     20.99%     37.25% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv         5384      0.06%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes             0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     37.31% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        376756      4.38%     41.69% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       264973      3.08%     44.77% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead      2942694     34.21%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      1807548     21.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::Accelerator            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::total         8601317                       # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu00.iq.rate                    0.565976                       # Inst issue rate
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_busy_cnt               351404                       # FU busy when requested
system.main_cpu00.iq.fu_busy_rate            0.040855                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.main_cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     19270120                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.main_cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2454582                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.main_cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1976203                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.main_cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     13474338                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.main_cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5738669                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.main_cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5708973                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.main_cpu00.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.main_cpu00.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.main_cpu00.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.main_cpu00.iq.int_alu_accesses         1784826                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu00.iq.fp_alu_accesses          6912413                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.main_cpu00.iq.vec_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       170520                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.main_cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.main_cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       151266                       # Number of loads squashed
system.main_cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.main_cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          134                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.main_cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       124242                       # Number of stores squashed
system.main_cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.main_cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.main_cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.main_cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1152014                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.main_cpu00.iew.iewIdleCycles                 0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.main_cpu00.iew.iewSquashCycles           46034                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.main_cpu00.iew.iewBlockCycles          5528024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.main_cpu00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        1258584                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.main_cpu00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      8193117                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.main_cpu00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        30094                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.main_cpu00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        2540393                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.main_cpu00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       2204816                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.main_cpu00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       388583                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.main_cpu00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          209393                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.main_cpu00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         849567                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.main_cpu00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          134                       # Number of memory order violations
system.main_cpu00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        38941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.main_cpu00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4474                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.main_cpu00.iew.branchMispredicts         43415                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.main_cpu00.iew.iewExecutedInsts        8578975                       # Number of executed instructions
system.main_cpu00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        3294187                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.main_cpu00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.main_cpu00.iew.exec_swp                      0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.main_cpu00.iew.exec_nop                      0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.main_cpu00.iew.exec_refs               5380453                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.main_cpu00.iew.exec_branches            432510                       # Number of branches executed
system.main_cpu00.iew.exec_stores             2086266                       # Number of stores executed
system.main_cpu00.iew.exec_rate              0.564506                       # Inst execution rate
system.main_cpu00.iew.wb_sent                 7689427                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.main_cpu00.iew.wb_count                7685176                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.main_cpu00.iew.wb_producers            4241713                       # num instructions producing a value
system.main_cpu00.iew.wb_consumers            4440070                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.main_cpu00.iew.wb_rate                0.505693                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.main_cpu00.iew.wb_fanout              0.955326                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.main_cpu00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       517365                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.main_cpu00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       270446                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.main_cpu00.commit.branchMispredicts        43005                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.main_cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     15036124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.508666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.882114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10223756     67.99%     67.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2751480     18.30%     86.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1645706     10.95%     97.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55252      0.37%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359930      2.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     15036124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu00.commit.committedInsts       7648368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu00.commit.committedOps         7648368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu00.commit.swp_count                  0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.main_cpu00.commit.refs                 4469698                       # Number of memory references committed
system.main_cpu00.commit.loads                2389124                       # Number of loads committed
system.main_cpu00.commit.amos                   14964                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.main_cpu00.commit.membars                    0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.main_cpu00.commit.branches              428152                       # Number of branches committed
system.main_cpu00.commit.vec_insts                  0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.main_cpu00.commit.fp_insts             5694544                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.main_cpu00.commit.int_insts            5826996                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.main_cpu00.commit.function_calls         25240                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       255482      3.34%      3.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      1091983     14.28%     17.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        14088      0.18%     17.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        13853      0.18%     17.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     17.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     17.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     17.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     17.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc      1797888     23.51%     41.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv         5376      0.07%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     41.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       316072      4.13%     45.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       262346      3.43%     49.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      2088016     27.30%     76.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      1803264     23.58%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::Accelerator            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.op_class_0::total      7648368                       # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu00.commit.bw_lim_events         359930                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.main_cpu00.rob.rob_reads              22801325                       # The number of ROB reads
system.main_cpu00.rob.rob_writes             16481350                       # The number of ROB writes
system.main_cpu00.timesIdled                       90                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.main_cpu00.idleCycles                     8427                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.main_cpu00.committedInsts              7648368                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.main_cpu00.committedOps                7648368                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.main_cpu00.cpi                        1.987001                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.main_cpu00.cpi_total                  1.987001                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.main_cpu00.ipc                        0.503271                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.main_cpu00.ipc_total                  0.503271                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.main_cpu00.int_regfile_reads           7415789                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.main_cpu00.int_regfile_writes          1284825                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.main_cpu00.fp_regfile_reads            7221724                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.main_cpu00.fp_regfile_writes           3903321                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.main_cpu00.misc_regfile_reads         19550767                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.main_cpu00.misc_regfile_writes         1913867                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.main_cpu01.branchPred.lookups           875047                       # Number of BP lookups
system.main_cpu01.branchPred.condPredicted       770329                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.main_cpu01.branchPred.condIncorrect        71789                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.main_cpu01.branchPred.BTBLookups        717703                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.main_cpu01.branchPred.BTBHits           619413                       # Number of BTB hits
system.main_cpu01.branchPred.BTBCorrect             0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.main_cpu01.branchPred.BTBHitPct      86.304920                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.main_cpu01.branchPred.usedRAS             1052                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.main_cpu01.branchPred.RASInCorrect          911                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.main_cpu01.branchPred.indirectLookups        88485                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.main_cpu01.branchPred.indirectHits        79908                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.main_cpu01.branchPred.indirectMisses         8577                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.main_cpu01.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1683                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.main_cpu01.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu01.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu01.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu01.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu01.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu01.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu01.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu01.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu01.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu01.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu01.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu01.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu01.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu01.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu01.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu01.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu01.numCycles                  15197314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu01.uli_resp_ack_sent               222                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu01.uli_resp_nack_sent            11141                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu01.uli_resp_ack_received           209                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu01.uli_resp_nack_received        18242                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu01.uli_req_sent                  18451                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu01.uli_req_received              11363                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu01.fetch.icacheStallCycles        45682                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.main_cpu01.fetch.Insts                 8341171                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.main_cpu01.fetch.Branches               875047                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.main_cpu01.fetch.predictedBranches       700373                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.main_cpu01.fetch.Cycles               15017313                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.main_cpu01.fetch.SquashCycles            72907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.main_cpu01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         57543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.main_cpu01.fetch.CacheLines             555130                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.main_cpu01.fetch.IcacheSquashes             34                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.main_cpu01.fetch.rateDist::samples     15195700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu01.fetch.rateDist::mean       0.548924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu01.fetch.rateDist::stdev      0.691308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu01.fetch.rateDist::0           8102451     53.32%     53.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu01.fetch.rateDist::1           6219874     40.93%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu01.fetch.rateDist::2            625788      4.12%     98.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu01.fetch.rateDist::3            120509      0.79%     99.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu01.fetch.rateDist::4            127078      0.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu01.fetch.rateDist::total      15195700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu01.fetch.branchRate           0.057579                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.main_cpu01.fetch.rate                 0.548858                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.main_cpu01.fetch.uniqueInstCount       6713239                       # Number of unique instructions sent to Decode
system.main_cpu01.fetch.totalInstCount        6713239                       # Number of all instructions sent to Decode
system.main_cpu01.decode.IdleCycles            378924                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.main_cpu01.decode.BlockedCycles        8341814                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.main_cpu01.decode.RunCycles            6139550                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.main_cpu01.decode.UnblockCycles         293022                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.main_cpu01.decode.SquashCycles           42380                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.main_cpu01.decode.BranchResolved        444910                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.main_cpu01.decode.BranchMispred          30558                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.main_cpu01.decode.DecodedInsts         6639390                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.main_cpu01.decode.SquashedInsts          30509                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.main_cpu01.rename.SquashCycles           42380                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.main_cpu01.rename.IdleCycles            665928                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.main_cpu01.rename.BlockCycles          8319214                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.main_cpu01.rename.serializeStallCycles         8233                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.main_cpu01.rename.RunCycles            5868745                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.main_cpu01.rename.UnblockCycles         291190                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.main_cpu01.rename.RenamedInsts         6596349                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.main_cpu01.rename.RenamedOperands      4297591                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.main_cpu01.rename.RenameLookups       11077004                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.main_cpu01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5934004                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.main_cpu01.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5143000                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.main_cpu01.rename.CommittedMaps        3867209                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.main_cpu01.rename.UndoneMaps            430354                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.main_cpu01.rename.serializingInsts           72                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.main_cpu01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          149                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.main_cpu01.rename.skidInsts             528470                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.main_cpu01.memDep0.insertedLoads       1942371                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.main_cpu01.memDep0.insertedStores      1726850                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.main_cpu01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       359620                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.main_cpu01.memDep0.conflictingStores       304417                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.main_cpu01.iq.iqInstsAdded             6013633                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.main_cpu01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       498749                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.main_cpu01.iq.iqInstsIssued            6557358                       # Number of instructions issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1503                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       636854                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.main_cpu01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       172966                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.main_cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     15195700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.431527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.691717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      9768738     64.29%     64.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      4745710     31.23%     95.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       424093      2.79%     98.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65174      0.43%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       191985      1.26%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     15195700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc       244661    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAes               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::MemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_full::Accelerator            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       306613      4.68%      4.68% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu         883195     13.47%     18.14% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         18834      0.29%     18.43% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv          18744      0.29%     18.72% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     18.72% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     18.72% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     18.72% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     18.72% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc      1282174     19.55%     38.27% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv         3389      0.05%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes             0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     38.32% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        376119      5.74%     44.06% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       270150      4.12%     48.18% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead      2113605     32.23%     80.41% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      1284535     19.59%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::Accelerator            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::total         6557358                       # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu01.iq.rate                    0.431481                       # Inst issue rate
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_busy_cnt               244661                       # FU busy when requested
system.main_cpu01.iq.fu_busy_rate            0.037311                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.main_cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     18944043                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.main_cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2454120                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.main_cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1812572                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.main_cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      9612537                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.main_cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4058421                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.main_cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4041929                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.main_cpu01.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.main_cpu01.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.main_cpu01.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.main_cpu01.iq.int_alu_accesses         1567042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu01.iq.fp_alu_accesses          4928364                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.main_cpu01.iq.vec_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       208981                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.main_cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.main_cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       175351                       # Number of loads squashed
system.main_cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.main_cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.main_cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       157359                       # Number of stores squashed
system.main_cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.main_cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.main_cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.main_cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       860762                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.main_cpu01.iew.iewIdleCycles                 0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.main_cpu01.iew.iewSquashCycles           42380                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.main_cpu01.iew.iewBlockCycles          7263632                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.main_cpu01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        1312186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.main_cpu01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      6512382                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.main_cpu01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        21952                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.main_cpu01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        1942371                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.main_cpu01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       1726850                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.main_cpu01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       498749                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.main_cpu01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          246300                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.main_cpu01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         808455                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.main_cpu01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.main_cpu01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        37711                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.main_cpu01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3915                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.main_cpu01.iew.branchMispredicts         41626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.main_cpu01.iew.iewExecutedInsts        6545572                       # Number of executed instructions
system.main_cpu01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        2463949                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.main_cpu01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11786                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.main_cpu01.iew.exec_swp                      0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.main_cpu01.iew.exec_nop                      0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.main_cpu01.iew.exec_refs               4037367                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.main_cpu01.iew.exec_branches            419112                       # Number of branches executed
system.main_cpu01.iew.exec_stores             1573418                       # Number of stores executed
system.main_cpu01.iew.exec_rate              0.430706                       # Inst execution rate
system.main_cpu01.iew.wb_sent                 5856154                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.main_cpu01.iew.wb_count                5854501                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.main_cpu01.iew.wb_producers            3237682                       # num instructions producing a value
system.main_cpu01.iew.wb_consumers            3399476                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.main_cpu01.iew.wb_rate                0.385233                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.main_cpu01.iew.wb_fanout              0.952406                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.main_cpu01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       682609                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.main_cpu01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       325775                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.main_cpu01.commit.branchMispredicts        41262                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.main_cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     15012884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.387807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.782831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     11219641     74.73%     74.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2311051     15.39%     90.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1178015      7.85%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        61691      0.41%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       242486      1.62%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     15012884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu01.commit.committedInsts       5822098                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu01.commit.committedOps         5822098                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu01.commit.swp_count                  0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.main_cpu01.commit.refs                 3336497                       # Number of memory references committed
system.main_cpu01.commit.loads                1767013                       # Number of loads committed
system.main_cpu01.commit.amos                   19161                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.main_cpu01.commit.membars                    0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.main_cpu01.commit.branches              406804                       # Number of branches committed
system.main_cpu01.commit.vec_insts                  0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.main_cpu01.commit.fp_insts             4037152                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.main_cpu01.commit.int_insts            4503975                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.main_cpu01.commit.function_calls         38386                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       306613      5.27%      5.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       858225     14.74%     20.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        18819      0.32%     20.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        18744      0.32%     20.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc      1279872     21.98%     42.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv         3328      0.06%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       315422      5.42%     48.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       267123      4.59%     52.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      1470752     25.26%     77.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      1283200     22.04%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::Accelerator            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.op_class_0::total      5822098                       # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu01.commit.bw_lim_events         242486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.main_cpu01.rob.rob_reads              21261574                       # The number of ROB reads
system.main_cpu01.rob.rob_writes             13191322                       # The number of ROB writes
system.main_cpu01.timesIdled                       44                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.main_cpu01.idleCycles                     1614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.main_cpu01.committedInsts              5822098                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.main_cpu01.committedOps                5822098                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.main_cpu01.cpi                        2.610281                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.main_cpu01.cpi_total                  2.610281                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.main_cpu01.ipc                        0.383100                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.main_cpu01.ipc_total                  0.383100                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.main_cpu01.int_regfile_reads           5726372                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.main_cpu01.int_regfile_writes          1134693                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.main_cpu01.fp_regfile_reads            5133909                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.main_cpu01.fp_regfile_writes           2757963                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.main_cpu01.misc_regfile_reads         18574694                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.main_cpu01.misc_regfile_writes         1404686                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.main_cpu02.branchPred.lookups           915648                       # Number of BP lookups
system.main_cpu02.branchPred.condPredicted       792947                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.main_cpu02.branchPred.condIncorrect        85877                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.main_cpu02.branchPred.BTBLookups        779930                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.main_cpu02.branchPred.BTBHits           657179                       # Number of BTB hits
system.main_cpu02.branchPred.BTBCorrect             0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.main_cpu02.branchPred.BTBHitPct      84.261280                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.main_cpu02.branchPred.usedRAS              684                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.main_cpu02.branchPred.RASInCorrect          579                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.main_cpu02.branchPred.indirectLookups       101079                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.main_cpu02.branchPred.indirectHits        94424                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.main_cpu02.branchPred.indirectMisses         6655                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.main_cpu02.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1296                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.main_cpu02.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu02.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu02.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu02.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu02.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu02.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu02.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu02.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu02.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu02.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu02.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu02.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu02.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu02.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu02.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu02.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu02.numCycles                  15197314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu02.uli_resp_ack_sent               186                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu02.uli_resp_nack_sent             9890                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu02.uli_resp_ack_received           210                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu02.uli_resp_nack_received        19966                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu02.uli_req_sent                  20176                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu02.uli_req_received              10076                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu02.fetch.icacheStallCycles        51373                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.main_cpu02.fetch.Insts                 8229881                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.main_cpu02.fetch.Branches               915648                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.main_cpu02.fetch.predictedBranches       752287                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.main_cpu02.fetch.Cycles               15021030                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.main_cpu02.fetch.SquashCycles            86559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.main_cpu02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         35071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.main_cpu02.fetch.CacheLines             549511                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.main_cpu02.fetch.IcacheSquashes             34                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.main_cpu02.fetch.rateDist::samples     15195874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu02.fetch.rateDist::mean       0.541594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu02.fetch.rateDist::stdev      0.704834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu02.fetch.rateDist::0           8315904     54.72%     54.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu02.fetch.rateDist::1           5927625     39.01%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu02.fetch.rateDist::2            695193      4.57%     98.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu02.fetch.rateDist::3            116620      0.77%     99.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu02.fetch.rateDist::4            140532      0.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu02.fetch.rateDist::total      15195874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu02.fetch.branchRate           0.060251                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.main_cpu02.fetch.rate                 0.541535                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.main_cpu02.fetch.uniqueInstCount       6438941                       # Number of unique instructions sent to Decode
system.main_cpu02.fetch.totalInstCount        6438941                       # Number of all instructions sent to Decode
system.main_cpu02.decode.IdleCycles            402368                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.main_cpu02.decode.BlockedCycles        8604869                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.main_cpu02.decode.RunCycles            5830260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.main_cpu02.decode.UnblockCycles         310442                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.main_cpu02.decode.SquashCycles           47923                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.main_cpu02.decode.BranchResolved        465324                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.main_cpu02.decode.BranchMispred          38653                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.main_cpu02.decode.DecodedInsts         6351534                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.main_cpu02.decode.SquashedInsts          38602                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.main_cpu02.rename.SquashCycles           47923                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.main_cpu02.rename.IdleCycles            713278                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.main_cpu02.rename.BlockCycles          8584303                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.main_cpu02.rename.serializeStallCycles         3614                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.main_cpu02.rename.RunCycles            5538485                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.main_cpu02.rename.UnblockCycles         308260                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.main_cpu02.rename.RenamedInsts         6303006                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.main_cpu02.rename.RenamedOperands      4073593                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.main_cpu02.rename.RenameLookups       10440173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.main_cpu02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5685869                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.main_cpu02.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4754304                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.main_cpu02.rename.CommittedMaps        3600858                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.main_cpu02.rename.UndoneMaps            472707                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.main_cpu02.rename.serializingInsts           41                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.main_cpu02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.main_cpu02.rename.skidInsts             556606                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.main_cpu02.memDep0.insertedLoads       1831529                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.main_cpu02.memDep0.insertedStores      1650453                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.main_cpu02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       379061                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.main_cpu02.memDep0.conflictingStores       320196                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.main_cpu02.iq.iqInstsAdded             5662621                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.main_cpu02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       545210                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.main_cpu02.iq.iqInstsIssued            6159274                       # Number of instructions issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1130                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       703644                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.main_cpu02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       200307                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.main_cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     15195874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.405325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.680570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     10105409     66.50%     66.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      4456627     29.33%     95.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       382887      2.52%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        66931      0.44%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       184020      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     15195874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc       232043    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAes               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::MemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_full::Accelerator            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       324053      5.26%      5.26% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu         802273     13.03%     18.29% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         20553      0.33%     18.62% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv          20488      0.33%     18.95% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     18.95% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     18.95% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     18.95% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     18.95% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc      1187124     19.27%     38.23% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv         1027      0.02%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes             0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     38.24% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        375602      6.10%     44.34% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       275865      4.48%     48.82% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead      1964772     31.90%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      1187517     19.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::Accelerator            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::total         6159274                       # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu02.iq.rate                    0.405287                       # Inst issue rate
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_busy_cnt               232043                       # FU busy when requested
system.main_cpu02.iq.fu_busy_rate            0.037674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.main_cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     18834412                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.main_cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2473357                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.main_cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1766655                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.main_cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      8913183                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.main_cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3734568                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.main_cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3720545                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.main_cpu02.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.main_cpu02.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.main_cpu02.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.main_cpu02.iq.int_alu_accesses         1494781                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu02.iq.fp_alu_accesses          4572483                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.main_cpu02.iq.vec_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217584                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.main_cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.main_cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       185779                       # Number of loads squashed
system.main_cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.main_cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           94                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.main_cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       169667                       # Number of stores squashed
system.main_cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.main_cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.main_cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.main_cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       823832                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.main_cpu02.iew.iewIdleCycles                 0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.main_cpu02.iew.iewSquashCycles           47923                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.main_cpu02.iew.iewBlockCycles          7604730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.main_cpu02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        1251979                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.main_cpu02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      6207831                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.main_cpu02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        26036                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.main_cpu02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        1831529                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.main_cpu02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       1650453                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.main_cpu02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       545210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.main_cpu02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          258574                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.main_cpu02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         720118                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.main_cpu02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           94                       # Number of memory order violations
system.main_cpu02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        44966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.main_cpu02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2619                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.main_cpu02.iew.branchMispredicts         47585                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.main_cpu02.iew.iewExecutedInsts        6150060                       # Number of executed instructions
system.main_cpu02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        2313487                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.main_cpu02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9214                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.main_cpu02.iew.exec_swp                      0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.main_cpu02.iew.exec_nop                      0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.main_cpu02.iew.exec_refs               3797412                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.main_cpu02.iew.exec_branches            413452                       # Number of branches executed
system.main_cpu02.iew.exec_stores             1483925                       # Number of stores executed
system.main_cpu02.iew.exec_rate              0.404681                       # Inst execution rate
system.main_cpu02.iew.wb_sent                 5488256                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.main_cpu02.iew.wb_count                5487200                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.main_cpu02.iew.wb_producers            3063749                       # num instructions producing a value
system.main_cpu02.iew.wb_consumers            3222355                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.main_cpu02.iew.wb_rate                0.361064                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.main_cpu02.iew.wb_fanout              0.950779                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.main_cpu02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       750119                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.main_cpu02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       344895                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.main_cpu02.commit.branchMispredicts        47241                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.main_cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     14996416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.363666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.756361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     11391975     75.96%     75.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2244622     14.97%     90.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1086120      7.24%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57970      0.39%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       215729      1.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     14996416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu02.commit.committedInsts       5453688                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu02.commit.committedOps         5453688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu02.commit.swp_count                  0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.main_cpu02.commit.refs                 3126522                       # Number of memory references committed
system.main_cpu02.commit.loads                1645743                       # Number of loads committed
system.main_cpu02.commit.amos                   20841                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.main_cpu02.commit.membars                    0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.main_cpu02.commit.branches              394627                       # Number of branches committed
system.main_cpu02.commit.vec_insts                  0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.main_cpu02.commit.fp_insts             3717296                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.main_cpu02.commit.int_insts            4228278                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.main_cpu02.commit.function_calls         41697                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324053      5.94%      5.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       775524     14.22%     20.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        20541      0.38%     20.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        20488      0.38%     20.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc      1185536     21.74%     42.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv         1024      0.02%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       322408      5.91%     48.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       273378      5.01%     53.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      1344176     24.65%     78.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      1186560     21.76%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::Accelerator            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.op_class_0::total      5453688                       # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu02.commit.bw_lim_events         215729                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.main_cpu02.rob.rob_reads              20976203                       # The number of ROB reads
system.main_cpu02.rob.rob_writes             12606541                       # The number of ROB writes
system.main_cpu02.timesIdled                       49                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.main_cpu02.idleCycles                     1440                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.main_cpu02.committedInsts              5453688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.main_cpu02.committedOps                5453688                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.main_cpu02.cpi                        2.786612                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.main_cpu02.cpi_total                  2.786612                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.main_cpu02.ipc                        0.358859                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.main_cpu02.ipc_total                  0.358859                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.main_cpu02.int_regfile_reads           5367185                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.main_cpu02.int_regfile_writes          1095199                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.main_cpu02.fp_regfile_reads            4748371                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.main_cpu02.fp_regfile_writes           2533396                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.main_cpu02.misc_regfile_reads         18049106                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.main_cpu02.misc_regfile_writes         1315194                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.main_cpu03.branchPred.lookups           925325                       # Number of BP lookups
system.main_cpu03.branchPred.condPredicted       801894                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.main_cpu03.branchPred.condIncorrect        86158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.main_cpu03.branchPred.BTBLookups        772134                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.main_cpu03.branchPred.BTBHits           649769                       # Number of BTB hits
system.main_cpu03.branchPred.BTBCorrect             0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.main_cpu03.branchPred.BTBHitPct      84.152362                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.main_cpu03.branchPred.usedRAS              621                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.main_cpu03.branchPred.RASInCorrect          530                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.main_cpu03.branchPred.indirectLookups       101822                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.main_cpu03.branchPred.indirectHits        95324                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.main_cpu03.branchPred.indirectMisses         6498                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.main_cpu03.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1171                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.main_cpu03.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu03.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu03.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu03.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu03.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu03.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu03.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu03.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu03.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu03.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu03.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu03.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu03.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu03.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu03.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu03.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu03.numCycles                  15197314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu03.uli_resp_ack_sent               158                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu03.uli_resp_nack_sent             9568                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu03.uli_resp_ack_received           218                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu03.uli_resp_nack_received        19737                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu03.uli_req_sent                  19955                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu03.uli_req_received               9726                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu03.fetch.icacheStallCycles        50767                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.main_cpu03.fetch.Insts                 8337767                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.main_cpu03.fetch.Branches               925325                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.main_cpu03.fetch.predictedBranches       745714                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.main_cpu03.fetch.Cycles               15026995                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.main_cpu03.fetch.SquashCycles            86859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.main_cpu03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         29463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.main_cpu03.fetch.CacheLines             555306                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.main_cpu03.fetch.IcacheSquashes             31                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.main_cpu03.fetch.rateDist::samples     15195862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu03.fetch.rateDist::mean       0.548693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu03.fetch.rateDist::stdev      0.706436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu03.fetch.rateDist::0           8221622     54.10%     54.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu03.fetch.rateDist::1           6014871     39.58%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu03.fetch.rateDist::2            697525      4.59%     98.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu03.fetch.rateDist::3            119433      0.79%     99.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu03.fetch.rateDist::4            142411      0.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu03.fetch.rateDist::total      15195862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.main_cpu03.fetch.branchRate           0.060887                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.main_cpu03.fetch.rate                 0.548634                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.main_cpu03.fetch.uniqueInstCount       6539490                       # Number of unique instructions sent to Decode
system.main_cpu03.fetch.totalInstCount        6539490                       # Number of all instructions sent to Decode
system.main_cpu03.decode.IdleCycles            395121                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.main_cpu03.decode.BlockedCycles        8505964                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.main_cpu03.decode.RunCycles            5941340                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.main_cpu03.decode.UnblockCycles         305131                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.main_cpu03.decode.SquashCycles           48300                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.main_cpu03.decode.BranchResolved        461739                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.main_cpu03.decode.BranchMispred          38577                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.main_cpu03.decode.DecodedInsts         6451779                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.main_cpu03.decode.SquashedInsts          38533                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.main_cpu03.rename.SquashCycles           48300                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.main_cpu03.rename.IdleCycles            700928                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.main_cpu03.rename.BlockCycles          8484496                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.main_cpu03.rename.serializeStallCycles         3637                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.main_cpu03.rename.RunCycles            5656248                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.main_cpu03.rename.UnblockCycles         302248                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.main_cpu03.rename.RenamedInsts         6402854                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.main_cpu03.rename.RenamedOperands      4158364                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.main_cpu03.rename.RenameLookups       10618743                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.main_cpu03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5812910                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.main_cpu03.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4805833                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.main_cpu03.rename.CommittedMaps        3684977                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.main_cpu03.rename.UndoneMaps            473366                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.main_cpu03.rename.serializingInsts           31                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.main_cpu03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           63                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.main_cpu03.rename.skidInsts             544181                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.main_cpu03.memDep0.insertedLoads       1851033                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.main_cpu03.memDep0.insertedStores      1654447                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.main_cpu03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       378080                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.main_cpu03.memDep0.conflictingStores       315854                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.main_cpu03.iq.iqInstsAdded             5769234                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.main_cpu03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       537591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.main_cpu03.iq.iqInstsIssued            6261877                       # Number of instructions issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1193                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       697788                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.main_cpu03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       200222                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.main_cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     15195862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.412078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.681201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     10011518     65.88%     65.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      4533280     29.83%     95.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       405553      2.67%     98.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64553      0.42%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       180958      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     15195862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc       215547    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAes               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::MemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_full::Accelerator            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       316740      5.06%      5.06% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu         873776     13.95%     19.01% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         20291      0.32%     19.34% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv          20234      0.32%     19.66% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     19.66% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     19.66% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     19.66% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     19.66% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc      1198490     19.14%     38.80% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv         3107      0.05%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes             0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     38.85% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        368613      5.89%     44.74% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       268804      4.29%     49.03% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead      1990856     31.79%     80.82% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      1200966     19.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::Accelerator            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::total         6261877                       # Type of FU issued
system.main_cpu03.iq.rate                    0.412038                       # Inst issue rate
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_busy_cnt               215547                       # FU busy when requested
system.main_cpu03.iq.fu_busy_rate            0.034422                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.main_cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     18933676                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.main_cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2515288                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.main_cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1814024                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.main_cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      9002679                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.main_cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3791693                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.main_cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3777663                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.main_cpu03.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.main_cpu03.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.main_cpu03.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.main_cpu03.iq.int_alu_accesses         1551718                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu03.iq.fp_alu_accesses          4608966                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.main_cpu03.iq.vec_alu_accesses               0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       212896                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.main_cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.main_cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       183081                       # Number of loads squashed
system.main_cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.main_cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.main_cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       167614                       # Number of stores squashed
system.main_cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.main_cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.main_cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.main_cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       805724                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.main_cpu03.iew.iewIdleCycles                 0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.main_cpu03.iew.iewSquashCycles           48300                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.main_cpu03.iew.iewBlockCycles          7527434                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.main_cpu03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        1223834                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.main_cpu03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      6306825                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.main_cpu03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        26649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.main_cpu03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        1851033                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.main_cpu03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       1654447                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.main_cpu03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       537591                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.main_cpu03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          251496                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.main_cpu03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         704749                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.main_cpu03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.main_cpu03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        44813                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.main_cpu03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3135                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.main_cpu03.iew.branchMispredicts         47948                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.main_cpu03.iew.iewExecutedInsts        6252256                       # Number of executed instructions
system.main_cpu03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        2332969                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.main_cpu03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9620                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.main_cpu03.iew.exec_swp                      0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.main_cpu03.iew.exec_nop                      0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.main_cpu03.iew.exec_refs               3823039                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.main_cpu03.iew.exec_branches            426661                       # Number of branches executed
system.main_cpu03.iew.exec_stores             1490070                       # Number of stores executed
system.main_cpu03.iew.exec_rate              0.411405                       # Inst execution rate
system.main_cpu03.iew.wb_sent                 5592709                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.main_cpu03.iew.wb_count                5591687                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.main_cpu03.iew.wb_producers            3089443                       # num instructions producing a value
system.main_cpu03.iew.wb_consumers            3246614                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.main_cpu03.iew.wb_rate                0.367939                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.main_cpu03.iew.wb_fanout              0.951589                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.main_cpu03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       746857                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.main_cpu03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       337358                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.main_cpu03.commit.branchMispredicts        47599                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.main_cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     14997741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.370473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.766358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     11352472     75.69%     75.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2250813     15.01%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1105595      7.37%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        61184      0.41%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       227677      1.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            4                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     14997741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.main_cpu03.commit.committedInsts       5556263                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu03.commit.committedOps         5556263                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu03.commit.swp_count                  0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.main_cpu03.commit.refs                 3154767                       # Number of memory references committed
system.main_cpu03.commit.loads                1667944                       # Number of loads committed
system.main_cpu03.commit.amos                   20618                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.main_cpu03.commit.membars                    0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.main_cpu03.commit.branches              406747                       # Number of branches committed
system.main_cpu03.commit.vec_insts                  0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.main_cpu03.commit.fp_insts             3774688                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.main_cpu03.commit.int_insts            4316705                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.main_cpu03.commit.function_calls         42182                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       316740      5.70%      5.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       844115     15.19%     20.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        20280      0.36%     21.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        20233      0.36%     21.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     21.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     21.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     21.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     21.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc      1197056     21.54%     43.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv         3072      0.06%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       314130      5.65%     48.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       266077      4.79%     53.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      1374432     24.74%     78.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      1200128     21.60%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::Accelerator            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.op_class_0::total      5556263                       # Class of committed instruction
system.main_cpu03.commit.bw_lim_events         227677                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.main_cpu03.rob.rob_reads              21065370                       # The number of ROB reads
system.main_cpu03.rob.rob_writes             12803864                       # The number of ROB writes
system.main_cpu03.timesIdled                       46                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.main_cpu03.idleCycles                     1452                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.main_cpu03.committedInsts              5556263                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.main_cpu03.committedOps                5556263                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.main_cpu03.cpi                        2.735168                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.main_cpu03.cpi_total                  2.735168                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.main_cpu03.ipc                        0.365608                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.main_cpu03.ipc_total                  0.365608                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.main_cpu03.int_regfile_reads           5496751                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.main_cpu03.int_regfile_writes          1137519                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.main_cpu03.fp_regfile_reads            4800268                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.main_cpu03.fp_regfile_writes           2577074                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.main_cpu03.misc_regfile_reads         18292332                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.main_cpu03.misc_regfile_writes         1326951                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.main_cpu04.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu04.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu04.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu04.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu04.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu04.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu04.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu04.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu04.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu04.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu04.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu04.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu04.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu04.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu04.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu04.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu04.numCycles                  15197272                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu04.uli_resp_ack_sent               106                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu04.uli_resp_nack_sent            12452                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu04.uli_resp_ack_received           137                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu04.uli_resp_nack_received        10885                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu04.uli_req_sent                  11022                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu04.uli_req_received              12558                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu04.committedInsts              3383912                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu04.committedOps                3384155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses        2651730                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses         2236320                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu04.num_func_calls                25908                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts       236284                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       192906                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        43378                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu04.num_unconditional_control_insts        25140                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu04.num_int_insts               2651730                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu04.num_fp_insts                2236320                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu04.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu04.num_int_register_reads      4605687                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu04.num_int_register_writes      1463486                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu04.num_fp_register_reads       2834944                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu04.num_fp_register_writes      1526944                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu04.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu04.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu04.num_mem_refs                1914018                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu04.num_load_insts              1013436                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu04.num_store_insts              900582                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu04.num_idle_cycles            0.999997                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu04.num_busy_cycles        15197271.000003                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu04.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu04.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu04.Branches                     262192                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass         201138      5.94%      5.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::IntAlu             537567     15.88%     21.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::IntMult             11252      0.33%     22.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::IntDiv              11224      0.33%     22.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc       706816     20.88%     43.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv             2560      0.08%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::MemRead            207708      6.14%     49.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::MemWrite           179366      5.30%     54.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead       817568     24.16%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite       709376     20.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.op_class::total             3384575                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu04.appl_runtime_cycles         8804378                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu04.appl_num_enqueue                116                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu04.appl_enqueue_cycles            5523                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu04.appl_num_dequeue                 10                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu04.appl_dequeue_cycles             419                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu04.appl_num_steal_successful          137                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu04.appl_steal_successful_cycles        96380                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu04.appl_num_steal_failed         10884                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu04.appl_steal_failed_cycles       940670                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu04.appl_num_execute                147                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu04.appl_num_self_invalidation          177                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu04.appl_num_self_writeback          243                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu04.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu04.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu04.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu04.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu04.in_task_cycles              6469200                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_insts               2556806                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_icache_cycles       2960968                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_cycles       3508231                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2304209                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       810100                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1494109                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       991237                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       724660                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       266577                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       188575                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        24210                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2951288                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_num_access      1571833                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_num_load       841892                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       810100                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        31792                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_num_store       729405                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       724660                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4745                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_num_amo          430                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu04.in_task_dcache_num_flush          106                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_cycles           8728072                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_insts             827106                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1043917                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7684155                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3709390                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       159874                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3549516                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       167942                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       159216                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         8726                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3765857                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        40966                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch      1041748                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       342185                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       171544                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       159874                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11670                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       159337                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       159216                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          121                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10990                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu04.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          314                      
system.main_cpu05.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu05.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu05.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu05.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu05.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu05.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu05.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu05.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu05.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu05.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu05.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu05.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu05.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu05.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu05.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu05.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu05.numCycles                  15197308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu05.uli_resp_ack_sent               142                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu05.uli_resp_nack_sent            10148                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu05.uli_resp_ack_received           105                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu05.uli_resp_nack_received        10618                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu05.uli_req_sent                  10723                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu05.uli_req_received              10290                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu05.committedInsts              3428927                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu05.committedOps                3429174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses        2693559                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses         2256656                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu05.num_func_calls                26022                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts       239289                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       189496                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        49793                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu05.num_unconditional_control_insts        24926                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu05.num_int_insts               2693559                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu05.num_fp_insts                2256656                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu05.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu05.num_int_register_reads      4671315                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu05.num_int_register_writes      1489750                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu05.num_fp_register_reads       2849280                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu05.num_fp_register_writes      1543440                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu05.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu05.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu05.num_mem_refs                1929284                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu05.num_load_insts              1026098                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu05.num_store_insts              903186                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu05.num_idle_cycles            1.000000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu05.num_busy_cycles        15197307.000000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu05.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu05.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu05.Branches                     265311                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass         193944      5.66%      5.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::IntAlu             571331     16.66%     22.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::IntMult             10933      0.32%     22.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::IntDiv              10878      0.32%     22.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc       709632     20.69%     43.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv             3584      0.10%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::MemRead            207399      6.05%     49.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::MemWrite           178445      5.20%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead       830224     24.21%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite       713216     20.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.op_class::total             3429586                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu05.appl_runtime_cycles         8412896                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu05.appl_num_enqueue                162                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu05.appl_enqueue_cycles            5780                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu05.appl_num_dequeue                 20                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu05.appl_dequeue_cycles             620                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu05.appl_num_steal_successful          105                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu05.appl_steal_successful_cycles        69969                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu05.appl_num_steal_failed         10618                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu05.appl_steal_failed_cycles       921296                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu05.appl_num_execute                125                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu05.appl_num_self_invalidation          165                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu05.appl_num_self_writeback          247                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu05.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu05.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu05.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu05.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu05.in_task_cycles              7133285                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_insts               2669942                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_icache_cycles       3104783                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_cycles       4028501                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2566073                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       835941                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1730132                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1029784                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       741287                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       288497                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       401344                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        31300                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      3089934                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_num_access      1616054                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_num_load       868765                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       835941                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        32824                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_num_store       746220                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       741287                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4933                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_num_amo          926                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu05.in_task_dcache_num_flush          143                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_cycles           8064023                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_insts             758985                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_icache_cycles       958542                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7105481                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3424992                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       146722                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3278270                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       154352                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       145340                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         9012                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3493025                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        33112                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       956647                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       313230                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       157333                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       146722                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10611                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       145441                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       145340                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          101                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10187                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu05.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          269                      
system.main_cpu06.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu06.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu06.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu06.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu06.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu06.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu06.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu06.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu06.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu06.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu06.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu06.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu06.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu06.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu06.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu06.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu06.numCycles                  15197116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu06.uli_resp_ack_sent               152                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu06.uli_resp_nack_sent            10795                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu06.uli_resp_ack_received           126                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu06.uli_resp_nack_received        10810                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu06.uli_req_sent                  10936                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu06.uli_req_received              10947                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu06.committedInsts              3436914                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu06.committedOps                3437192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses        2702570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses         2245584                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu06.num_func_calls                26202                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts       244827                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       199699                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        45128                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu06.num_unconditional_control_insts        25233                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu06.num_int_insts               2702570                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu06.num_fp_insts                2245584                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu06.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu06.num_int_register_reads      4683133                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu06.num_int_register_writes      1491886                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu06.num_fp_register_reads       2844416                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu06.num_fp_register_writes      1533776                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu06.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu06.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu06.num_mem_refs                1940559                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu06.num_load_insts              1028013                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu06.num_store_insts              912546                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu06.num_idle_cycles            0.999987                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu06.num_busy_cycles        15197115.000013                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu06.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu06.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu06.Branches                     271029                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass         207205      6.03%      6.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::IntAlu             555820     16.17%     22.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::IntMult             11149      0.32%     22.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::IntDiv              11112      0.32%     22.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc       708992     20.62%     43.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv             2816      0.08%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::MemRead            217875      6.34%     49.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::MemWrite           188908      5.50%     55.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead       821968     23.91%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite       711808     20.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.op_class::total             3437653                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu06.appl_runtime_cycles         8444460                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu06.appl_num_enqueue                165                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu06.appl_enqueue_cycles            6764                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu06.appl_num_dequeue                 13                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu06.appl_dequeue_cycles             448                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu06.appl_num_steal_successful          126                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu06.appl_steal_successful_cycles        84757                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu06.appl_num_steal_failed         10810                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu06.appl_steal_failed_cycles       990420                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu06.appl_num_execute                139                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu06.appl_num_self_invalidation          183                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu06.appl_num_self_writeback          278                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu06.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu06.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu06.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu06.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu06.in_task_cycles              7088941                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_insts               2617801                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_icache_cycles       3040569                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_cycles       4048371                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2584402                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       823969                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1760433                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1065655                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       736663                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       328992                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       357660                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        40654                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      3025595                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_num_access      1599385                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_num_load       856771                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       823969                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        32802                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_num_store       741636                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       736663                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4973                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_num_amo          825                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu06.in_task_dcache_num_flush          153                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_cycles           8108175                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_insts             819113                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1035141                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7073034                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3393472                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       160037                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3233435                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       171272                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       158965                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        12307                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3467809                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        40481                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch      1031794                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       341174                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       171242                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       160037                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11205                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       159080                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       158965                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          115                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10544                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu06.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          308                      
system.main_cpu07.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu07.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu07.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu07.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu07.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu07.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu07.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu07.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu07.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu07.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu07.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu07.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu07.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu07.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu07.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu07.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu07.numCycles                  15197229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu07.uli_resp_ack_sent               100                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu07.uli_resp_nack_sent            11152                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu07.uli_resp_ack_received           142                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu07.uli_resp_nack_received        10413                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu07.uli_req_sent                  10555                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu07.uli_req_received              11252                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu07.committedInsts              3492027                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu07.committedOps                3492269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses        2740344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses         2299760                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu07.num_func_calls                25337                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts       248962                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       206435                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        42527                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu07.num_unconditional_control_insts        24494                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu07.num_int_insts               2740344                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu07.num_fp_insts                2299760                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu07.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu07.num_int_register_reads      4756855                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu07.num_int_register_writes      1501977                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu07.num_fp_register_reads       2915840                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu07.num_fp_register_writes      1570160                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu07.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu07.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu07.num_mem_refs                1981607                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu07.num_load_insts              1048743                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu07.num_store_insts              932864                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu07.num_idle_cycles            0.999994                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu07.num_busy_cycles        15197228.000006                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu07.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu07.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu07.Branches                     274299                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass         211231      6.05%      6.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::IntAlu             548773     15.71%     21.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::IntMult             10756      0.31%     22.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::IntDiv              10725      0.31%     22.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc       727040     20.82%     43.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv             2560      0.07%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::MemRead            219556      6.29%     49.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::MemWrite           191891      5.49%     55.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead       840560     24.07%     79.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite       729600     20.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.op_class::total             3492692                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu07.appl_runtime_cycles         8230502                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu07.appl_num_enqueue                107                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu07.appl_enqueue_cycles            5616                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu07.appl_num_dequeue                  7                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu07.appl_dequeue_cycles             334                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu07.appl_num_steal_successful          142                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu07.appl_steal_successful_cycles       101718                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu07.appl_num_steal_failed         10413                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu07.appl_steal_failed_cycles      1022433                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu07.appl_num_execute                149                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu07.appl_num_self_invalidation          181                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu07.appl_num_self_writeback          242                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu07.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu07.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu07.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu07.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu07.in_task_cycles              6964508                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_insts               2635772                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_icache_cycles       3054851                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_cycles       3909656                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2592616                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       835343                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1757273                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1069116                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       747527                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       321589                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       220809                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        27115                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      3042170                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_num_access      1621186                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_num_load       868155                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       835343                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        32812                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_num_store       752433                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       747527                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4906                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_num_amo          497                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu07.in_task_dcache_num_flush          101                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_cycles           8232721                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_insts             856255                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1080363                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7152358                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3454432                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       169422                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3285010                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       177984                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       168988                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         8996                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3476056                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        43886                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch      1077718                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       360421                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       180588                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       169422                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11166                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       169058                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       168988                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           70                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10453                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu07.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          322                      
system.main_cpu08.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu08.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu08.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu08.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu08.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu08.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu08.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu08.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu08.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu08.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu08.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu08.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu08.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu08.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu08.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu08.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu08.numCycles                  15197111                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu08.uli_resp_ack_sent                88                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu08.uli_resp_nack_sent            10308                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu08.uli_resp_ack_received           128                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu08.uli_resp_nack_received        10791                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu08.uli_req_sent                  10919                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu08.uli_req_received              10396                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu08.committedInsts              3235062                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu08.committedOps                3235278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses        2556708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses         2068800                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu08.num_func_calls                25785                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts       240544                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       197723                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        42821                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu08.num_unconditional_control_insts        24963                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu08.num_int_insts               2556708                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu08.num_fp_insts                2068800                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu08.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu08.num_int_register_reads      4415190                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu08.num_int_register_writes      1415127                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu08.num_fp_register_reads       2619904                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu08.num_fp_register_writes      1413184                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu08.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu08.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu08.num_mem_refs                1816940                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu08.num_load_insts               961835                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu08.num_store_insts              855105                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu08.num_idle_cycles            0.999987                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu08.num_busy_cycles        15197110.000013                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu08.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu08.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu08.Branches                     266329                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass         208607      6.45%      6.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::IntAlu             532302     16.45%     22.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::IntMult             11110      0.34%     23.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::IntDiv              11081      0.34%     23.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     23.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc       653056     20.18%     43.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv             2560      0.08%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::MemRead            215920      6.67%     50.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::MemWrite           187836      5.81%     56.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead       757568     23.41%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite       655616     20.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.op_class::total             3235656                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu08.appl_runtime_cycles         8899429                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu08.appl_num_enqueue                 94                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu08.appl_enqueue_cycles            6260                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu08.appl_num_dequeue                  6                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu08.appl_dequeue_cycles             537                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu08.appl_num_steal_successful          128                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu08.appl_steal_successful_cycles        85106                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu08.appl_num_steal_failed         10791                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu08.appl_steal_failed_cycles      1012844                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu08.appl_num_execute                134                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu08.appl_num_self_invalidation          162                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu08.appl_num_self_writeback          216                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu08.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu08.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu08.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu08.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu08.in_task_cycles              6275064                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_insts               2379177                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_icache_cycles       2757871                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_cycles       3517192                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2360342                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       753555                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1606787                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       947145                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       671885                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       275260                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       187799                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        21906                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2746712                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_num_access      1459497                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_num_load       782750                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       753555                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        29195                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_num_store       676258                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       671885                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4373                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_num_amo          400                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu08.in_task_dcache_num_flush           89                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_cycles           8922047                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_insts             855885                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1080813                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7841234                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3831081                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       167645                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3663436                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       176515                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       167104                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         9411                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3798896                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        34742                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch      1077694                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       357443                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       179085                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       167645                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11440                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       167194                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       167104                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           90                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10875                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu08.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          289                      
system.main_cpu09.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu09.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu09.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu09.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu09.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu09.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu09.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu09.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu09.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu09.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu09.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu09.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu09.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu09.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu09.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu09.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu09.numCycles                  15197123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu09.uli_resp_ack_sent               108                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu09.uli_resp_nack_sent             9343                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu09.uli_resp_ack_received           139                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu09.uli_resp_nack_received        10638                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu09.uli_req_sent                  10777                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu09.uli_req_received               9451                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu09.committedInsts              3300026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu09.committedOps                3300273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses        2573017                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses         2214864                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu09.num_func_calls                24923                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts       223339                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       187284                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        36055                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu09.num_unconditional_control_insts        24235                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu09.num_int_insts               2573017                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu09.num_fp_insts                2214864                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu09.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu09.num_int_register_reads      4482211                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu09.num_int_register_writes      1414525                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu09.num_fp_register_reads       2818560                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu09.num_fp_register_writes      1509840                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu09.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu09.num_mem_refs                1886134                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu09.num_load_insts               995172                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu09.num_store_insts              890962                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu09.num_idle_cycles            0.999987                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu09.num_busy_cycles        15197122.000013                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu09.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu09.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu09.Branches                     248262                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass         196592      5.96%      5.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::IntAlu             491088     14.88%     20.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::IntMult             10943      0.33%     21.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::IntDiv              10917      0.33%     21.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     21.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc       703488     21.31%     42.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv             1536      0.05%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::MemRead            201960      6.12%     48.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::MemWrite           174334      5.28%     54.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead       804816     24.38%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite       705024     21.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.op_class::total             3300698                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu09.appl_runtime_cycles         8595209                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu09.appl_num_enqueue                116                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu09.appl_enqueue_cycles            5607                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu09.appl_num_dequeue                  8                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu09.appl_dequeue_cycles             393                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu09.appl_num_steal_successful          139                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu09.appl_steal_successful_cycles       105520                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu09.appl_num_steal_failed         10638                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu09.appl_steal_failed_cycles       913974                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu09.appl_num_execute                147                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu09.appl_num_self_invalidation          178                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu09.appl_num_self_writeback          247                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu09.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu09.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu09.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu09.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu09.in_task_cycles              6719325                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_insts               2504482                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_icache_cycles       2894779                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_cycles       3824545                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2516363                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       797701                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1718662                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1011421                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       721252                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       290169                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       273276                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        23485                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2886120                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_num_access      1556708                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_num_load       829919                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       797701                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        32218                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_num_store       726073                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       721252                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4821                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_num_amo          608                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu09.in_task_dcache_num_flush          108                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_cycles           8477798                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_insts             795544                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1004377                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7473421                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3633943                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       154234                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3479709                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       163532                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       153205                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        10327                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3638242                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        37704                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch      1002404                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       329426                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       165253                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       154234                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11019                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       153285                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       153205                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           80                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10571                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu09.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          317                      
system.main_cpu10.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu10.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu10.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu10.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu10.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu10.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu10.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu10.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu10.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu10.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu10.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu10.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu10.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu10.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu10.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu10.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu10.numCycles                  15197229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu10.uli_resp_ack_sent               173                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu10.uli_resp_nack_sent             9501                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu10.uli_resp_ack_received           118                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu10.uli_resp_nack_received        11202                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu10.uli_req_sent                  11320                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu10.uli_req_received               9674                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu10.committedInsts              3413954                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu10.committedOps                3414245                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses        2683833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses         2237392                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu10.num_func_calls                25925                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts       239258                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       189881                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        49377                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu10.num_unconditional_control_insts        24932                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu10.num_int_insts               2683833                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu10.num_fp_insts                2237392                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu10.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu10.num_int_register_reads      4650140                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu10.num_int_register_writes      1491312                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu10.num_fp_register_reads       2828544                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu10.num_fp_register_writes      1529424                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu10.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu10.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu10.num_mem_refs                1917385                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu10.num_load_insts              1018655                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu10.num_store_insts              898730                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu10.num_idle_cycles            0.999994                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu10.num_busy_cycles        15197228.000006                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu10.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu10.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu10.Branches                     265183                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass         197433      5.78%      5.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::IntAlu             568921     16.66%     22.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::IntMult             11525      0.34%     22.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::IntDiv              11484      0.34%     23.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     23.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc       704640     20.64%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv             3328      0.10%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::MemRead            209425      6.13%     49.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::MemWrite           178536      5.23%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead       821456     24.06%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite       707968     20.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.op_class::total             3414716                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu10.appl_runtime_cycles         8498479                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu10.appl_num_enqueue                188                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu10.appl_enqueue_cycles           10042                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu10.appl_num_dequeue                 15                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu10.appl_dequeue_cycles             776                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu10.appl_num_steal_successful          118                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu10.appl_steal_successful_cycles        79771                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu10.appl_num_steal_failed         11202                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu10.appl_steal_failed_cycles       914260                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu10.appl_num_execute                133                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu10.appl_num_self_invalidation          180                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu10.appl_num_self_writeback          291                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu10.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu10.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu10.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu10.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu10.in_task_cycles              6722783                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_insts               2600533                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_icache_cycles       3018292                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_cycles       3704490                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2442865                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       818905                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1623960                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1031256                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       727802                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       303454                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       194058                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        36311                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      3005869                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_num_access      1584160                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_num_load       850758                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       818905                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        31853                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_num_store       732785                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       727802                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4983                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_num_amo          445                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu10.in_task_dcache_num_flush          172                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_cycles           8474446                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_insts             813421                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1030090                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7444356                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3609992                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       156398                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3453594                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       165841                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       153604                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        12237                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3636804                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        31719                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch      1026988                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       333225                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       167897                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       156398                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11499                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       153719                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       153604                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          115                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        11310                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu10.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          299                      
system.main_cpu11.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu11.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu11.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu11.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu11.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu11.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu11.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu11.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu11.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu11.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu11.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu11.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu11.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu11.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu11.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu11.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu11.numCycles                  15197208                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu11.uli_resp_ack_sent               204                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu11.uli_resp_nack_sent            10710                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu11.uli_resp_ack_received           101                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu11.uli_resp_nack_received        10547                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu11.uli_req_sent                  10648                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu11.uli_req_received              10914                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu11.committedInsts              3389381                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu11.committedOps                3389686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses        2665123                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses         2225664                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu11.num_func_calls                26813                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts       231381                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       178176                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        53205                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu11.num_unconditional_control_insts        25237                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu11.num_int_insts               2665123                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu11.num_fp_insts                2225664                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu11.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu11.num_int_register_reads      4617464                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu11.num_int_register_writes      1483122                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu11.num_fp_register_reads       2805760                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu11.num_fp_register_writes      1523200                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu11.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu11.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu11.num_mem_refs                1902547                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu11.num_load_insts              1014392                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu11.num_store_insts              888155                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu11.num_idle_cycles            0.999993                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu11.num_busy_cycles        15197207.000007                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu11.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu11.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu11.Branches                     258194                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass         182272      5.38%      5.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::IntAlu             581187     17.14%     22.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::IntMult             10883      0.32%     22.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::IntDiv              10820      0.32%     23.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     23.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc       698368     20.60%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv             4096      0.12%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::MemRead            205221      6.05%     49.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::MemWrite           174126      5.14%     55.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead       820736     24.21%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite       702464     20.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.op_class::total             3390173                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu11.appl_runtime_cycles         8220200                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu11.appl_num_enqueue                218                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu11.appl_enqueue_cycles            9478                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu11.appl_num_dequeue                 14                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu11.appl_dequeue_cycles             686                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu11.appl_num_steal_successful          101                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu11.appl_steal_successful_cycles        65414                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu11.appl_num_steal_failed         10546                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu11.appl_steal_failed_cycles       832266                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu11.appl_num_execute                115                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu11.appl_num_self_invalidation          182                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu11.appl_num_self_writeback          305                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu11.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu11.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu11.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu11.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu11.in_task_cycles              7667587                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_insts               2700244                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_icache_cycles       3145756                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_cycles       4521830                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2888106                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       837783                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2050323                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1033637                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       742139                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       291498                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       563609                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        36478                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      3129064                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_num_access      1621833                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_num_load       872935                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       837783                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        35152                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_num_store       747414                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       742139                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         5275                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_num_amo         1280                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu11.in_task_dcache_num_flush          204                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_cycles           7529621                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_insts             689137                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_icache_cycles       872172                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      6657449                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3219857                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       131394                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3088463                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       139684                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       129046                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        10638                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3271594                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        26314                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       870006                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       280714                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       141457                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       131394                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10063                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       129176                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       129046                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          130                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         9798                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu11.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          283                      
system.main_cpu12.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu12.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu12.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu12.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu12.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu12.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu12.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu12.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu12.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu12.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu12.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu12.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu12.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu12.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu12.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu12.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu12.numCycles                  15197314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu12.uli_resp_ack_sent               101                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu12.uli_resp_nack_sent            11113                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu12.uli_resp_ack_received           123                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu12.uli_resp_nack_received        11556                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu12.uli_req_sent                  11680                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu12.uli_req_received              11214                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu12.committedInsts              3175094                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu12.committedOps                3175318                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses        2487800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses         2085744                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu12.num_func_calls                26566                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts       220166                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       182525                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        37641                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu12.num_unconditional_control_insts        25892                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu12.num_int_insts               2487800                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu12.num_fp_insts                2085744                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu12.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu12.num_int_register_reads      4316774                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu12.num_int_register_writes      1382949                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu12.num_fp_register_reads       2652672                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu12.num_fp_register_writes      1422192                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu12.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu12.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu12.num_mem_refs                1798658                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu12.num_load_insts               949010                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu12.num_store_insts              849648                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu12.num_idle_cycles            1.000000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu12.num_busy_cycles        15197313.000000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu12.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu12.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu12.Branches                     246732                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass         198732      6.26%      6.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::IntAlu             490995     15.46%     21.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::IntMult             11896      0.37%     22.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::IntDiv              11871      0.37%     22.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc       662016     20.85%     43.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv             1536      0.05%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::MemRead            202817      6.39%     49.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::MemWrite           173649      5.47%     55.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead       758640     23.89%     79.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite       663552     20.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.op_class::total             3175704                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu12.appl_runtime_cycles         8398878                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu12.appl_num_enqueue                115                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu12.appl_enqueue_cycles            7252                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu12.appl_num_dequeue                 14                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu12.appl_dequeue_cycles             740                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu12.appl_num_steal_successful          123                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu12.appl_steal_successful_cycles        76659                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu12.appl_num_steal_failed         11556                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu12.appl_steal_failed_cycles       930210                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu12.appl_num_execute                137                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu12.appl_num_self_invalidation          162                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu12.appl_num_self_writeback          224                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu12.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu12.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu12.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu12.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu12.in_task_cycles              6290085                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_insts               2360856                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_icache_cycles       2730214                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_cycles       3559870                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2341281                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       752442                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1588839                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       945675                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       678857                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       266818                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       249490                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        23424                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2720494                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_num_access      1466208                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_num_load       782231                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       752442                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        29789                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_num_store       683315                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       678857                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4458                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_num_amo          561                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu12.in_task_dcache_num_flush          101                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_cycles           8907229                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_insts             814238                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1028788                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7878441                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3809761                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       154651                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3655110                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       163516                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       153780                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         9736                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3872765                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        32399                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch      1026384                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       332450                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       166779                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       154651                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        12128                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       153886                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       153780                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          106                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        11500                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu12.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          285                      
system.main_cpu13.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu13.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu13.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu13.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu13.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu13.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu13.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu13.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu13.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu13.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu13.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu13.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu13.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu13.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu13.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu13.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu13.numCycles                  15197224                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu13.uli_resp_ack_sent                77                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu13.uli_resp_nack_sent            11456                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu13.uli_resp_ack_received           133                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu13.uli_resp_nack_received        11421                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu13.uli_req_sent                  11554                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu13.uli_req_received              11533                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu13.committedInsts              3200798                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu13.committedOps                3201008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses        2509114                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses         2099104                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu13.num_func_calls                26444                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts       224463                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       187183                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        37280                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu13.num_unconditional_control_insts        25809                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu13.num_int_insts               2509114                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu13.num_fp_insts                2099104                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu13.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu13.num_int_register_reads      4353715                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu13.num_int_register_writes      1391187                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu13.num_fp_register_reads       2670080                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu13.num_fp_register_writes      1431200                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu13.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu13.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu13.num_mem_refs                1813906                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu13.num_load_insts               956687                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu13.num_store_insts              857219                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu13.num_idle_cycles            0.999994                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu13.num_busy_cycles        15197223.000006                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu13.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu13.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu13.Branches                     250907                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass         202523      6.33%      6.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::IntAlu             493515     15.42%     21.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::IntMult             11777      0.37%     22.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::IntDiv              11756      0.37%     22.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc       666368     20.82%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv             1536      0.05%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::MemRead            205676      6.42%     49.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::MemWrite           177030      5.53%     55.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead       763296     23.84%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite       667904     20.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.op_class::total             3201381                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu13.appl_runtime_cycles         8978836                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu13.appl_num_enqueue                 86                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu13.appl_enqueue_cycles            3740                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu13.appl_num_dequeue                  9                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu13.appl_dequeue_cycles             275                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu13.appl_num_steal_successful          133                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu13.appl_steal_successful_cycles        98869                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu13.appl_num_steal_failed         11421                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu13.appl_steal_failed_cycles       941100                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu13.appl_num_execute                142                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu13.appl_num_self_invalidation          163                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu13.appl_num_self_writeback          210                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu13.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu13.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu13.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu13.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu13.in_task_cycles              7258734                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_insts               2435726                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_icache_cycles       2823288                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_cycles       4435445                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2780523                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       767853                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2012670                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       962556                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       694063                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       268493                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       674892                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        17474                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2813957                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_num_access      1498840                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_num_load       798803                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       767853                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        30950                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_num_store       698445                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       694063                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4382                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_num_amo         1514                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu13.in_task_dcache_num_flush           78                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_cycles           7938490                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_insts             765072                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_icache_cycles       966074                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      6972416                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3359005                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       146854                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3212151                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       152779                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       146434                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         6345                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3426999                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        33633                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       963769                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       315066                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       157884                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       146854                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11030                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       146489                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       146434                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           55                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10398                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu13.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          295                      
system.main_cpu14.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu14.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu14.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu14.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu14.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu14.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu14.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu14.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu14.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu14.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu14.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu14.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu14.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu14.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu14.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu14.numCycles                  15196916                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu14.uli_resp_ack_sent                88                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu14.uli_resp_nack_sent            11302                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu14.uli_resp_ack_received           143                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu14.uli_resp_nack_received        10882                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu14.uli_req_sent                  11025                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu14.uli_req_received              11390                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu14.committedInsts              3295413                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu14.committedOps                3295644                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses        2562025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses         2226592                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu14.num_func_calls                25781                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts       218485                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       187084                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        31401                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu14.num_unconditional_control_insts        25078                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu14.num_int_insts               2562025                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu14.num_fp_insts                2226592                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu14.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu14.num_int_register_reads      4469946                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu14.num_int_register_writes      1406612                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu14.num_fp_register_reads       2841344                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu14.num_fp_register_writes      1516064                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu14.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu14.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu14.num_mem_refs                1896421                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu14.num_load_insts               997815                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu14.num_store_insts              898606                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu14.num_idle_cycles            0.999974                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu14.num_busy_cycles        15196915.000026                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu14.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu14.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu14.Branches                     244266                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass         199229      6.04%      6.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::IntAlu             467447     14.18%     20.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::IntMult             11224      0.34%     20.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::IntDiv              11202      0.34%     20.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     20.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     20.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     20.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     20.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc       709760     21.53%     42.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv              768      0.02%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::MemRead            204099      6.19%     48.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::MemWrite           176258      5.35%     54.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead       805536     24.44%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite       710528     21.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.op_class::total             3296051                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu14.appl_runtime_cycles         9033392                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu14.appl_num_enqueue                 98                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu14.appl_enqueue_cycles            4458                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu14.appl_num_dequeue                 10                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu14.appl_dequeue_cycles             365                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu14.appl_num_steal_successful          143                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu14.appl_steal_successful_cycles        92313                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu14.appl_num_steal_failed         10882                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu14.appl_steal_failed_cycles       934066                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu14.appl_num_execute                153                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu14.appl_num_self_invalidation          176                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu14.appl_num_self_writeback          231                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu14.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu14.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu14.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu14.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu14.in_task_cycles              7012868                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_insts               2510274                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_icache_cycles       2897796                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_cycles       4115071                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2660581                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       802900                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1857681                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1025286                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       730814                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       294472                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       407154                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        22050                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2889740                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_num_access      1571719                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_num_load       835127                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       802900                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        32227                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_num_store       735583                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       730814                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4769                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_num_amo          920                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu14.in_task_dcache_num_flush           89                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_cycles           8184048                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_insts             785139                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_icache_cycles       990895                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7193153                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3465245                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       151423                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3313822                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       160607                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       151133                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         9474                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3530821                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        36480                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       988668                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       324702                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       162688                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       151423                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11265                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       151203                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       151133                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           70                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10493                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu14.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          318                      
system.main_cpu15.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu15.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu15.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu15.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu15.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu15.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu15.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu15.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu15.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu15.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu15.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu15.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu15.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu15.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu15.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu15.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu15.numCycles                  15197314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu15.uli_resp_ack_sent                95                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu15.uli_resp_nack_sent            10619                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu15.uli_resp_ack_received           124                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu15.uli_resp_nack_received        11392                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu15.uli_req_sent                  11517                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu15.uli_req_received              10714                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu15.committedInsts              3214037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu15.committedOps                3214256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses        2531083                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses         2072944                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu15.num_func_calls                25921                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts       235761                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       198493                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        37268                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu15.num_unconditional_control_insts        25431                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu15.num_int_insts               2531083                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu15.num_fp_insts                2072944                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu15.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu15.num_int_register_reads      4379194                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu15.num_int_register_writes      1401236                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu15.num_fp_register_reads       2636288                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu15.num_fp_register_writes      1413488                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu15.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu15.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu15.num_mem_refs                1815195                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu15.num_load_insts               956548                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu15.num_store_insts              858647                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu15.num_idle_cycles            1.000000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu15.num_busy_cycles        15197313.000000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu15.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu15.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu15.Branches                     261682                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass         214175      6.66%      6.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::IntAlu             502408     15.63%     22.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::IntMult             11712      0.36%     22.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::IntDiv              11688      0.36%     23.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     23.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc       657920     20.47%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv             1536      0.05%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::MemRead            214764      6.68%     50.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::MemWrite           186943      5.82%     56.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead       754032     23.46%     79.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite       659456     20.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.op_class::total             3214634                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu15.appl_runtime_cycles         8836241                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu15.appl_num_enqueue                108                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu15.appl_enqueue_cycles            5753                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu15.appl_num_dequeue                 13                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu15.appl_dequeue_cycles             496                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu15.appl_num_steal_successful          124                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu15.appl_steal_successful_cycles        74698                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu15.appl_num_steal_failed         11391                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu15.appl_steal_failed_cycles      1044877                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu15.appl_num_execute                137                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu15.appl_num_self_invalidation          159                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu15.appl_num_self_writeback          219                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu15.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu15.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu15.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu15.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu15.in_task_cycles              6434296                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_insts               2343759                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_icache_cycles       2711234                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_cycles       3723061                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2486848                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       745152                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1741696                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       963590                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       673103                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       290487                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       253239                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        19384                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2702290                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_num_access      1453369                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_num_load       775236                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       745152                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        30084                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_num_store       677456                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       673103                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4353                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_num_amo          581                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu15.in_task_dcache_num_flush           96                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_cycles           8763018                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_insts             870278                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1097948                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7665070                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3702110                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       169328                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3532782                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       177027                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       168874                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         8153                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3753734                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        32199                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch      1095997                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       361826                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       181312                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       169328                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11984                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       168943                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       168874                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           69                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        11289                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu15.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          282                      
system.main_cpu16.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu16.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu16.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu16.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu16.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu16.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu16.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu16.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu16.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu16.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu16.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu16.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu16.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu16.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu16.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu16.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu16.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu16.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu16.numCycles                  15197084                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu16.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu16.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu16.uli_resp_ack_sent               218                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu16.uli_resp_nack_sent             9347                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu16.uli_resp_ack_received           116                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu16.uli_resp_nack_received         8870                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu16.uli_req_sent                   8986                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu16.uli_req_received               9565                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu16.committedInsts              3707669                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu16.committedOps                3708003                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu16.num_int_alu_accesses        2888534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu16.num_fp_alu_accesses         2539280                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu16.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu16.num_func_calls                25013                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu16.num_conditional_control_insts       236363                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu16.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       179020                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu16.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        57343                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu16.num_unconditional_control_insts        23109                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu16.num_int_insts               2888534                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu16.num_fp_insts                2539280                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu16.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu16.num_int_register_reads      5040852                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu16.num_int_register_writes      1581636                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu16.num_fp_register_reads       3194880                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu16.num_fp_register_writes      1739280                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu16.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu16.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu16.num_mem_refs                2106492                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu16.num_load_insts              1127498                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu16.num_store_insts              978994                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu16.num_idle_cycles            0.999985                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu16.num_busy_cycles        15197083.000015                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu16.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu16.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu16.Branches                     261376                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu16.op_class::No_OpClass         167331      4.51%      4.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::IntAlu             616431     16.62%     21.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::IntMult              9179      0.25%     21.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::IntDiv               9106      0.25%     21.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     21.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::FloatMultAcc       794880     21.43%     43.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::FloatDiv             5120      0.14%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::MemRead            198219      5.34%     48.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::MemWrite           168993      4.56%     53.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::FloatMemRead       939280     25.33%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::FloatMemWrite       800000     21.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.op_class::total             3708539                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu16.appl_runtime_cycles         7191409                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu16.appl_num_enqueue                232                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu16.appl_enqueue_cycles           16133                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu16.appl_num_dequeue                 14                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu16.appl_dequeue_cycles            1004                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu16.appl_num_steal_successful          116                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu16.appl_steal_successful_cycles        77549                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu16.appl_num_steal_failed          8870                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu16.appl_steal_failed_cycles       794308                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu16.appl_num_execute                130                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu16.appl_num_self_invalidation          202                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu16.appl_num_self_writeback          334                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu16.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu16.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu16.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu16.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu16.in_task_cycles              8087296                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_insts               3040975                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_icache_cycles       3540668                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_cycles       4546627                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      3054443                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       952602                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2101841                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1225699                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       835747                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       389952                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       224122                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        42363                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      3519151                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_num_access      1831163                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_num_load       988819                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       952602                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        36217                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_num_store       841608                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       835747                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         5861                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_num_amo          517                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu16.in_task_dcache_num_flush          219                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_cycles           7109788                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_insts             666694                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_icache_cycles       844686                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      6265102                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3118932                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       128610                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2990322                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       178137                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       126799                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        51338                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      2936326                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        31707                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       840900                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       275329                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       138679                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       128610                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10069                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       127385                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       126799                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          586                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         8948                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu16.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          317                      
system.main_cpu17.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu17.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu17.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu17.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu17.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu17.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu17.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu17.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu17.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu17.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu17.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu17.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu17.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu17.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu17.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu17.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu17.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu17.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu17.numCycles                  15197180                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu17.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu17.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu17.uli_resp_ack_sent                83                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu17.uli_resp_nack_sent            10812                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu17.uli_resp_ack_received           125                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu17.uli_resp_nack_received        10998                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu17.uli_req_sent                  11123                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu17.uli_req_received              10895                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu17.committedInsts              3029760                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu17.committedOps                3029968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu17.num_int_alu_accesses        2372102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu17.num_fp_alu_accesses         1992096                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu17.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu17.num_func_calls                25349                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu17.num_conditional_control_insts       210540                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu17.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       177675                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu17.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        32865                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu17.num_unconditional_control_insts        24744                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu17.num_int_insts               2372102                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu17.num_fp_insts                1992096                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu17.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu17.num_int_register_reads      4118003                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu17.num_int_register_writes      1315017                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu17.num_fp_register_reads       2538496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu17.num_fp_register_writes      1357216                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu17.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu17.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu17.num_mem_refs                1723479                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu17.num_load_insts               907379                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu17.num_store_insts              816100                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu17.num_idle_cycles            0.999991                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu17.num_busy_cycles        15197179.000009                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu17.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu17.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu17.Branches                     235889                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu17.op_class::No_OpClass         193974      6.40%      6.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::IntAlu             455384     15.03%     21.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::IntMult             11318      0.37%     21.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::IntDiv              11297      0.37%     22.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::FloatMultAcc       633856     20.92%     43.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::FloatDiv             1024      0.03%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::MemRead            196862      6.50%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::MemWrite           169401      5.59%     55.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::FloatMemRead       722336     23.84%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::FloatMemWrite       634880     20.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.op_class::total             3030332                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu17.appl_runtime_cycles         9180886                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu17.appl_num_enqueue                 92                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu17.appl_enqueue_cycles            4947                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu17.appl_num_dequeue                  9                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu17.appl_dequeue_cycles             482                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu17.appl_num_steal_successful          125                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu17.appl_steal_successful_cycles        84696                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu17.appl_num_steal_failed         10998                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu17.appl_steal_failed_cycles       909163                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu17.appl_num_execute                134                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu17.appl_num_self_invalidation          156                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu17.appl_num_self_writeback          208                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu17.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu17.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu17.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu17.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu17.in_task_cycles              6171802                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_insts               2236318                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_icache_cycles       2582625                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_cycles       3589176                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2396359                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       715407                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1680952                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       926687                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       648666                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       278021                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       249328                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        16802                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2574399                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_num_access      1397581                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_num_load       744034                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       715407                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        28627                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_num_store       652920                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       648666                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4254                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_num_amo          543                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu17.in_task_dcache_num_flush           84                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_cycles           9025378                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_insts             793442                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1002049                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      8023329                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3918305                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       151778                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3766527                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       159921                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       151298                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         8623                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3910712                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        34391                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       999707                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       325898                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       163345                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       151778                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11567                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       151361                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       151298                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           63                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10912                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu17.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          280                      
system.main_cpu18.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu18.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu18.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu18.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu18.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu18.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu18.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu18.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu18.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu18.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu18.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu18.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu18.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu18.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu18.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu18.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu18.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu18.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu18.numCycles                  15197296                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu18.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu18.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu18.uli_resp_ack_sent                67                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu18.uli_resp_nack_sent            11366                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu18.uli_resp_ack_received           134                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu18.uli_resp_nack_received        11051                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu18.uli_req_sent                  11185                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu18.uli_req_received              11433                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu18.committedInsts              3132765                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu18.committedOps                3132966                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu18.num_int_alu_accesses        2442321                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu18.num_fp_alu_accesses         2099104                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu18.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu18.num_func_calls                24692                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu18.num_conditional_control_insts       211939                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu18.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       175436                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu18.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        36503                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu18.num_unconditional_control_insts        24298                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu18.num_int_insts               2442321                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu18.num_fp_insts                2099104                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu18.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu18.num_int_register_reads      4254047                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu18.num_int_register_writes      1351968                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu18.num_fp_register_reads       2670080                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu18.num_fp_register_writes      1431200                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu18.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu18.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu18.num_mem_refs                1779420                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu18.num_load_insts               939157                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu18.num_store_insts              840263                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu18.num_idle_cycles            0.999999                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu18.num_busy_cycles        15197295.000001                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu18.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu18.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu18.Branches                     236631                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu18.op_class::No_OpClass         188318      6.01%      6.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::IntAlu             474938     15.16%     21.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::IntMult             11382      0.36%     21.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::IntDiv              11364      0.36%     21.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     21.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::FloatMultAcc       666368     21.27%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::FloatDiv             1536      0.05%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::MemRead            187755      5.99%     49.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::MemWrite           160465      5.12%     54.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::FloatMemRead       763296     24.36%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::FloatMemWrite       667904     21.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.op_class::total             3133326                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu18.appl_runtime_cycles         8900798                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu18.appl_num_enqueue                 78                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu18.appl_enqueue_cycles            4751                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu18.appl_num_dequeue                 11                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu18.appl_dequeue_cycles             573                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu18.appl_num_steal_successful          134                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu18.appl_steal_successful_cycles        87334                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu18.appl_num_steal_failed         11051                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu18.appl_steal_failed_cycles       868138                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu18.appl_num_execute                145                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu18.appl_num_self_invalidation          159                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu18.appl_num_self_writeback          201                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu18.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu18.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu18.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu18.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu18.in_task_cycles              6633951                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_insts               2372268                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_icache_cycles       2743486                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_cycles       3890464                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2566604                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       753428                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1813176                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       953324                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       680402                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       272922                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       353221                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        17315                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2736465                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_num_access      1468993                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_num_load       783455                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       753428                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        30027                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_num_store       684712                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       680402                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4310                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_num_amo          758                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu18.in_task_dcache_num_flush           68                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_cycles           8563345                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_insts             760497                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_icache_cycles       960490                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7602855                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3702435                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       144185                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3558250                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       150673                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       143609                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         7064                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3713837                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        35910                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       958720                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       310427                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       155702                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       144185                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11517                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       143657                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       143609                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           48                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10776                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu18.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          292                      
system.main_cpu19.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu19.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu19.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu19.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu19.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu19.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu19.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu19.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu19.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu19.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu19.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu19.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu19.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu19.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu19.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu19.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu19.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu19.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu19.numCycles                  15197053                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu19.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu19.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu19.uli_resp_ack_sent               152                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu19.uli_resp_nack_sent            11769                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu19.uli_resp_ack_received           118                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu19.uli_resp_nack_received        10344                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu19.uli_req_sent                  10462                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu19.uli_req_received              11921                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu19.committedInsts              3312892                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu19.committedOps                3313162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu19.num_int_alu_accesses        2574622                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu19.num_fp_alu_accesses         2254512                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu19.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu19.num_func_calls                27084                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu19.num_conditional_control_insts       207558                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu19.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       168411                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu19.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        39147                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu19.num_unconditional_control_insts        25517                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu19.num_int_insts               2574622                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu19.num_fp_insts                2254512                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu19.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu19.num_int_register_reads      4491896                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu19.num_int_register_writes      1420468                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu19.num_fp_register_reads       2862080                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu19.num_fp_register_writes      1538480                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu19.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu19.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu19.num_mem_refs                1903054                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu19.num_load_insts              1008431                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu19.num_store_insts              894623                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu19.num_idle_cycles            0.999983                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu19.num_busy_cycles        15197052.000017                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu19.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu19.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu19.Branches                     234642                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu19.op_class::No_OpClass         175622      5.30%      5.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::IntAlu             497557     15.02%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::IntMult             10697      0.32%     20.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::IntDiv              10648      0.32%     20.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     20.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     20.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     20.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     20.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::FloatMultAcc       713984     21.55%     42.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::FloatDiv             2048      0.06%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::MemRead            197314      5.95%     48.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::MemWrite           167260      5.05%     53.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::FloatMemRead       822448     24.82%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::FloatMemWrite       716032     21.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.op_class::total             3313610                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu19.appl_runtime_cycles         8317600                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu19.appl_num_enqueue                164                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu19.appl_enqueue_cycles            8935                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu19.appl_num_dequeue                 12                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu19.appl_dequeue_cycles             610                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu19.appl_num_steal_successful          118                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu19.appl_steal_successful_cycles        74447                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu19.appl_num_steal_failed         10344                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu19.appl_steal_failed_cycles       788316                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu19.appl_num_execute                130                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu19.appl_num_self_invalidation          178                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu19.appl_num_self_writeback          270                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu19.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu19.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu19.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu19.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu19.in_task_cycles              7085028                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_insts               2608774                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_icache_cycles       3018477                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_cycles       4066550                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2674056                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       832924                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1841132                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1075613                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       746519                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       329094                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       282389                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        34492                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      3003971                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_num_access      1617457                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_num_load       865024                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       832924                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        32100                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_num_store       751632                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       746519                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         5113                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_num_amo          648                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu19.in_task_dcache_num_flush          153                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_cycles           8112025                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_insts             704118                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_icache_cycles       890882                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7221143                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3503088                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       132594                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3370494                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       143945                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       131542                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        12403                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3541576                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        32534                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       887645                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       285597                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       143407                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       132594                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10813                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       131660                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       131542                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          118                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10235                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu19.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          295                      
system.main_cpu20.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu20.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu20.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu20.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu20.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu20.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu20.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu20.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu20.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu20.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu20.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu20.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu20.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu20.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu20.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu20.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu20.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu20.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu20.numCycles                  15196951                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu20.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu20.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu20.uli_resp_ack_sent               117                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu20.uli_resp_nack_sent            11801                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu20.uli_resp_ack_received           115                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu20.uli_resp_nack_received        10940                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu20.uli_req_sent                  11055                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu20.uli_req_received              11918                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu20.committedInsts              3141547                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu20.committedOps                3141779                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu20.num_int_alu_accesses        2454474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu20.num_fp_alu_accesses         2091472                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu20.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu20.num_func_calls                26066                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu20.num_conditional_control_insts       210120                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu20.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       170255                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu20.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        39865                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu20.num_unconditional_control_insts        25178                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu20.num_int_insts               2454474                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu20.num_fp_insts                2091472                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu20.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu20.num_int_register_reads      4268034                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu20.num_int_register_writes      1364173                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu20.num_fp_register_reads       2655232                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu20.num_fp_register_writes      1427152                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu20.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu20.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu20.num_mem_refs                1781043                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu20.num_load_insts               942268                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu20.num_store_insts              838775                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu20.num_idle_cycles            0.999976                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu20.num_busy_cycles        15196950.000024                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu20.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu20.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu20.Branches                     236186                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu20.op_class::No_OpClass         182623      5.81%      5.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::IntAlu             491657     15.65%     21.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::IntMult             11279      0.36%     21.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::IntDiv              11249      0.36%     22.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::FloatMultAcc       662272     21.08%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::FloatDiv             2048      0.07%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::MemRead            191239      6.09%     49.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::MemWrite           162652      5.18%     54.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::FloatMemRead       762832     24.28%     78.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::FloatMemWrite       664320     21.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.op_class::total             3142171                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu20.appl_runtime_cycles         8736453                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu20.appl_num_enqueue                135                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu20.appl_enqueue_cycles            8276                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu20.appl_num_dequeue                 18                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu20.appl_dequeue_cycles            1097                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu20.appl_num_steal_successful          115                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu20.appl_steal_successful_cycles        70756                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu20.appl_num_steal_failed         10940                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu20.appl_steal_failed_cycles       837681                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu20.appl_num_execute                133                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu20.appl_num_self_invalidation          160                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu20.appl_num_self_writeback          232                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu20.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu20.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu20.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu20.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu20.in_task_cycles              6464625                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_insts               2392466                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_icache_cycles       2771573                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_cycles       3693051                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2446580                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       759697                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1686883                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       988683                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       682338                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       306345                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       230334                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        27454                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2759071                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_num_access      1477497                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_num_load       789920                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       759697                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        30223                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_num_store       686943                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       682338                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4605                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_num_amo          516                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu20.in_task_dcache_num_flush          118                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_cycles           8732326                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_insts             749081                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_icache_cycles       947060                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7785266                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3772467                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       140919                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3631548                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       152569                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       139906                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        12663                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3830928                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        29302                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       944428                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       303546                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       152348                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       140919                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11429                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       140029                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       139906                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          123                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10895                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu20.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          274                      
system.main_cpu21.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu21.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu21.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu21.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu21.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu21.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu21.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu21.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu21.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu21.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu21.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu21.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu21.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu21.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu21.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu21.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu21.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu21.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu21.numCycles                  15197196                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu21.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu21.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu21.uli_resp_ack_sent                74                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu21.uli_resp_nack_sent            10766                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu21.uli_resp_ack_received           139                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu21.uli_resp_nack_received        10833                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu21.uli_req_sent                  10972                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu21.uli_req_received              10840                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu21.committedInsts              3120886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu21.committedOps                3121099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu21.num_int_alu_accesses        2421425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu21.num_fp_alu_accesses         2122512                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu21.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu21.num_func_calls                24905                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu21.num_conditional_control_insts       203013                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu21.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       171928                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu21.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        31085                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu21.num_unconditional_control_insts        24386                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu21.num_int_insts               2421425                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu21.num_fp_insts                2122512                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu21.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu21.num_int_register_reads      4229444                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu21.num_int_register_writes      1334481                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu21.num_fp_register_reads       2707200                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu21.num_fp_register_writes      1445520                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu21.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu21.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu21.num_mem_refs                1792333                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu21.num_load_insts               943732                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu21.num_store_insts              848601                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu21.num_idle_cycles            0.999992                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu21.num_busy_cycles        15197195.000008                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu21.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu21.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu21.Branches                     227918                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu21.op_class::No_OpClass         185359      5.94%      5.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::IntAlu             444482     14.24%     20.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::IntMult             11167      0.36%     20.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::IntDiv              11145      0.36%     20.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     20.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     20.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     20.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     20.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::FloatMultAcc       676224     21.66%     42.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::FloatDiv              768      0.02%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::MemRead            186919      5.99%     48.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::MemWrite           159894      5.12%     53.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::FloatMemRead       768528     24.62%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::FloatMemWrite       676992     21.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.op_class::total             3121478                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu21.appl_runtime_cycles         7990105                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu21.appl_num_enqueue                 80                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu21.appl_enqueue_cycles            4199                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu21.appl_num_dequeue                  6                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu21.appl_dequeue_cycles             503                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu21.appl_num_steal_successful          139                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu21.appl_steal_successful_cycles        96813                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu21.appl_num_steal_failed         10833                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu21.appl_steal_failed_cycles       842360                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu21.appl_num_execute                145                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu21.appl_num_self_invalidation          166                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu21.appl_num_self_writeback          213                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu21.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu21.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu21.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu21.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu21.in_task_cycles              6204925                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_insts               2344459                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_icache_cycles       2702959                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_cycles       3501965                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2378808                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       755349                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1623459                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       973031                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       685880                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       287151                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       133396                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        16730                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2694685                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_num_access      1475677                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_num_load       785056                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       755349                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        29707                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_num_store       690260                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       685880                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4380                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_num_amo          287                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu21.in_task_dcache_num_flush           74                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_cycles           8992271                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_insts             776427                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_icache_cycles       980859                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      8011412                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3873312                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       146914                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3726398                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       154226                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       146570                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         7656                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3946570                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        37304                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       978434                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       316656                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       158676                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       146914                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11762                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       146626                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       146570                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           56                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        11049                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu21.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          305                      
system.main_cpu22.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu22.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu22.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu22.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu22.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu22.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu22.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu22.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu22.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu22.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu22.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu22.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu22.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu22.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu22.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu22.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu22.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu22.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu22.numCycles                  15197043                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu22.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu22.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu22.uli_resp_ack_sent                64                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu22.uli_resp_nack_sent            10990                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu22.uli_resp_ack_received           139                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu22.uli_resp_nack_received        10444                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu22.uli_req_sent                  10583                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu22.uli_req_received              11054                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu22.committedInsts              3329290                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu22.committedOps                3329493                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu22.num_int_alu_accesses        2604152                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu22.num_fp_alu_accesses         2222352                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu22.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu22.num_func_calls                25201                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu22.num_conditional_control_insts       228119                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu22.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       180706                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu22.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        47413                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu22.num_unconditional_control_insts        24444                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu22.num_int_insts               2604152                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu22.num_fp_insts                2222352                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu22.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu22.num_int_register_reads      4530573                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu22.num_int_register_writes      1437781                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu22.num_fp_register_reads       2808064                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu22.num_fp_register_writes      1519504                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu22.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu22.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu22.num_mem_refs                1875787                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu22.num_load_insts               997166                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu22.num_store_insts              878621                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu22.num_idle_cycles            0.999982                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu22.num_busy_cycles        15197042.000018                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu22.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu22.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu22.Branches                     253320                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu22.op_class::No_OpClass         185224      5.56%      5.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::IntAlu             544470     16.35%     21.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::IntMult             10781      0.32%     22.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::IntDiv              10752      0.32%     22.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::FloatMultAcc       699520     21.01%     43.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::FloatDiv             3328      0.10%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::MemRead            191820      5.76%     49.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::MemWrite           164463      4.94%     54.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::FloatMemRead       816656     24.53%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::FloatMemWrite       702848     21.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.op_class::total             3329862                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu22.appl_runtime_cycles         8439251                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu22.appl_num_enqueue                 71                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu22.appl_enqueue_cycles            4077                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu22.appl_num_dequeue                  7                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu22.appl_dequeue_cycles             385                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu22.appl_num_steal_successful          139                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu22.appl_steal_successful_cycles        91003                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu22.appl_num_steal_failed         10444                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu22.appl_steal_failed_cycles       855048                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu22.appl_num_execute                146                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu22.appl_num_self_invalidation          166                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu22.appl_num_self_writeback          203                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu22.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu22.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu22.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu22.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu22.in_task_cycles              6612125                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_insts               2555118                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_icache_cycles       2966110                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_cycles       3646014                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2503772                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       807083                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1696689                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1014667                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       715121                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       299546                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       112359                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        15216                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2952705                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_num_access      1557873                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_num_load       837952                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       807083                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        30869                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_num_store       719606                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       715121                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4485                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_num_amo          250                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu22.in_task_dcache_num_flush           65                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_cycles           8584918                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_insts             774172                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_icache_cycles       977769                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7607149                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3679360                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       147775                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3531585                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       154144                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       147653                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         6491                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3737496                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        36149                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       975080                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       317914                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       159214                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       147775                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11439                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       147705                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       147653                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           52                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10691                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu22.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          304                      
system.main_cpu23.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu23.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu23.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu23.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu23.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu23.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu23.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu23.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu23.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu23.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu23.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu23.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu23.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu23.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu23.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu23.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu23.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu23.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu23.numCycles                  15197232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu23.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu23.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu23.uli_resp_ack_sent                75                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu23.uli_resp_nack_sent            10610                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu23.uli_resp_ack_received           125                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu23.uli_resp_nack_received        10916                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu23.uli_req_sent                  11041                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu23.uli_req_received              10685                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu23.committedInsts              3192409                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu23.committedOps                3192609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu23.num_int_alu_accesses        2518267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu23.num_fp_alu_accesses         2055440                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu23.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu23.num_func_calls                25695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu23.num_conditional_control_insts       233729                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu23.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       190737                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu23.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        42992                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu23.num_unconditional_control_insts        24957                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu23.num_int_insts               2518267                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu23.num_fp_insts                2055440                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu23.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu23.num_int_register_reads      4353877                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu23.num_int_register_writes      1396518                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu23.num_fp_register_reads       2602496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu23.num_fp_register_writes      1404176                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu23.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu23.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu23.num_mem_refs                1791952                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu23.num_load_insts               949072                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu23.num_store_insts              842880                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu23.num_idle_cycles            0.999995                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu23.num_busy_cycles        15197231.000005                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu23.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu23.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu23.Branches                     259424                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu23.op_class::No_OpClass         202228      6.33%      6.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::IntAlu             525067     16.44%     22.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::IntMult             11241      0.35%     23.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::IntDiv              11212      0.35%     23.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     23.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::FloatMultAcc       648704     20.32%     43.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::FloatDiv             2560      0.08%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::MemRead            207899      6.51%     50.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::MemWrite           179877      5.63%     56.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::FloatMemRead       752912     23.58%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::FloatMemWrite       651264     20.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.op_class::total             3192964                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu23.appl_runtime_cycles         8732109                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu23.appl_num_enqueue                 82                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu23.appl_enqueue_cycles            5265                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu23.appl_num_dequeue                  7                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu23.appl_dequeue_cycles             297                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu23.appl_num_steal_successful          125                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu23.appl_steal_successful_cycles        94146                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu23.appl_num_steal_failed         10916                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu23.appl_steal_failed_cycles       955482                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu23.appl_num_execute                132                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu23.appl_num_self_invalidation          155                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu23.appl_num_self_writeback          200                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu23.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu23.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu23.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu23.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu23.in_task_cycles              6798993                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_insts               2389486                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_icache_cycles       2777151                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_cycles       4021841                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2664885                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       752900                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1911985                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       968607                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       671560                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       297047                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       371439                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        16910                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2762101                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_num_access      1458843                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_num_load       782151                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       752900                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        29251                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_num_store       675784                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       671560                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4224                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_num_amo          832                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu23.in_task_dcache_num_flush           76                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_cycles           8398239                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_insts             802923                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1014116                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7384123                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3583725                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       155724                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3428001                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       161671                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       155305                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         6366                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3606843                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        31884                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch      1011288                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       333109                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       166921                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       155724                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11197                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       155357                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       155305                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           52                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10552                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu23.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          279                      
system.main_cpu24.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu24.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu24.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu24.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu24.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu24.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu24.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu24.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu24.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu24.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu24.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu24.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu24.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu24.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu24.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu24.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu24.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu24.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu24.numCycles                  15197154                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu24.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu24.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu24.uli_resp_ack_sent                85                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu24.uli_resp_nack_sent            10864                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu24.uli_resp_ack_received           130                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu24.uli_resp_nack_received        10072                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu24.uli_req_sent                  10202                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu24.uli_req_received              10949                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu24.committedInsts              3079768                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu24.committedOps                3079983                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu24.num_int_alu_accesses        2396314                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu24.num_fp_alu_accesses         2079456                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu24.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu24.num_func_calls                23430                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu24.num_conditional_control_insts       205998                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu24.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       174767                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu24.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        31231                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu24.num_unconditional_control_insts        22879                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu24.num_int_insts               2396314                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu24.num_fp_insts                2079456                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu24.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu24.num_int_register_reads      4179344                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu24.num_int_register_writes      1315229                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu24.num_fp_register_reads       2649088                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu24.num_fp_register_writes      1416928                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu24.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu24.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu24.num_mem_refs                1766796                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu24.num_load_insts               931128                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu24.num_store_insts              835668                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu24.num_idle_cycles            0.999989                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu24.num_busy_cycles        15197153.000011                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu24.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu24.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu24.Branches                     229428                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu24.op_class::No_OpClass         184759      6.00%      6.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::IntAlu             445507     14.46%     20.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::IntMult             10398      0.34%     20.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::IntDiv              10372      0.34%     21.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     21.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::FloatMultAcc       661504     21.47%     42.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::FloatDiv             1024      0.03%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::MemRead            187670      6.09%     48.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::MemWrite           162198      5.27%     54.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::FloatMemRead       754400     24.49%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::FloatMemWrite       662528     21.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.op_class::total             3080360                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu24.appl_runtime_cycles         8390785                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu24.appl_num_enqueue                 92                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu24.appl_enqueue_cycles            5013                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu24.appl_num_dequeue                  7                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu24.appl_dequeue_cycles             339                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu24.appl_num_steal_successful          130                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu24.appl_steal_successful_cycles        90903                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu24.appl_num_steal_failed         10072                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu24.appl_steal_failed_cycles       862958                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu24.appl_num_execute                137                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu24.appl_num_self_invalidation          162                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu24.appl_num_self_writeback          215                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu24.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu24.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu24.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu24.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu24.in_task_cycles              7130910                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_insts               2362168                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_icache_cycles       2730787                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_cycles       4400122                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2905292                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       752439                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2152853                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       992885                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       682079                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       310806                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       480614                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        21331                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2722294                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_num_access      1469778                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_num_load       782257                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       752439                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        29818                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_num_store       686412                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       682079                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4333                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_num_amo         1023                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu24.in_task_dcache_num_flush           86                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_cycles           8066244                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_insts             717600                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_icache_cycles       905686                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7160558                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3516319                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       138749                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3377570                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       145288                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       138236                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         7052                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3460609                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        38342                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       903873                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       297018                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       148871                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       138749                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10122                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       138314                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       138236                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           78                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         9542                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu24.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          291                      
system.main_cpu25.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu25.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu25.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu25.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu25.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu25.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu25.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu25.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu25.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu25.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu25.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu25.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu25.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu25.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu25.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu25.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu25.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu25.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu25.numCycles                  15197210                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu25.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu25.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu25.uli_resp_ack_sent               146                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu25.uli_resp_nack_sent            10526                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu25.uli_resp_ack_received           130                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu25.uli_resp_nack_received         9473                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu25.uli_req_sent                   9603                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu25.uli_req_received              10672                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu25.committedInsts              3321345                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu25.committedOps                3321621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu25.num_int_alu_accesses        2582795                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu25.num_fp_alu_accesses         2267088                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu25.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu25.num_func_calls                24752                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu25.num_conditional_control_insts       212780                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu25.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       168629                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu25.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        44151                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu25.num_unconditional_control_insts        23464                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu25.num_int_insts               2582795                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu25.num_fp_insts                2267088                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu25.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu25.num_int_register_reads      4509711                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu25.num_int_register_writes      1419514                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu25.num_fp_register_reads       2869248                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu25.num_fp_register_writes      1549008                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu25.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu25.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu25.num_mem_refs                1894723                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu25.num_load_insts              1006986                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu25.num_store_insts              887737                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu25.num_idle_cycles            0.999993                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu25.num_busy_cycles        15197209.000007                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu25.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu25.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu25.Branches                     237532                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu25.op_class::No_OpClass         169033      5.09%      5.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::IntAlu             520711     15.67%     20.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::IntMult              9787      0.29%     21.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::IntDiv               9748      0.29%     21.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     21.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::FloatMultAcc       715008     21.52%     42.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::FloatDiv             3072      0.09%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::MemRead            186538      5.62%     48.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::MemWrite           159177      4.79%     53.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::FloatMemRead       830928     25.01%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::FloatMemWrite       718080     21.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.op_class::total             3322082                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu25.appl_runtime_cycles         8297314                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu25.appl_num_enqueue                155                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu25.appl_enqueue_cycles            6871                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu25.appl_num_dequeue                  9                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu25.appl_dequeue_cycles             364                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu25.appl_num_steal_successful          130                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu25.appl_steal_successful_cycles        85402                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu25.appl_num_steal_failed          9473                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu25.appl_steal_failed_cycles       763706                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu25.appl_num_execute                139                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu25.appl_num_self_invalidation          185                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu25.appl_num_self_writeback          276                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu25.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu25.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu25.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu25.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu25.in_task_cycles              6876963                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_insts               2614910                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_icache_cycles       3034563                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_cycles       3842399                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2671566                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       829119                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1842447                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1085639                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       738324                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       347315                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles        52245                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        32949                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      3016912                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_num_access      1605424                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_num_load       861829                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       829119                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        32710                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_num_store       743303                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       738324                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4979                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_num_amo          145                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu25.in_task_dcache_num_flush          147                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_cycles           8320247                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_insts             706435                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_icache_cycles       894121                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7426126                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3634423                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       134640                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3499783                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       144372                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       133847                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        10525                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3611718                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        35613                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       890108                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       289299                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       145157                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       134640                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10517                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       133954                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       133847                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          107                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         9874                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu25.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          314                      
system.main_cpu26.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu26.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu26.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu26.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu26.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu26.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu26.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu26.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu26.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu26.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu26.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu26.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu26.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu26.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu26.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu26.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu26.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu26.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu26.numCycles                  15197258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu26.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu26.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu26.uli_resp_ack_sent               129                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu26.uli_resp_nack_sent            11646                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu26.uli_resp_ack_received           123                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu26.uli_resp_nack_received        10193                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu26.uli_req_sent                  10316                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu26.uli_req_received              11775                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu26.committedInsts              3259823                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu26.committedOps                3260075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu26.num_int_alu_accesses        2552812                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu26.num_fp_alu_accesses         2168176                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu26.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu26.num_func_calls                26092                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu26.num_conditional_control_insts       218732                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu26.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       169973                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu26.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        48759                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu26.num_unconditional_control_insts        24815                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu26.num_int_insts               2552812                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu26.num_fp_insts                2168176                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu26.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu26.num_int_register_reads      4435878                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu26.num_int_register_writes      1415882                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu26.num_fp_register_reads       2736640                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu26.num_fp_register_writes      1483120                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu26.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu26.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu26.num_mem_refs                1836683                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu26.num_load_insts               978059                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu26.num_store_insts              858624                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu26.num_idle_cycles            0.999996                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu26.num_busy_cycles        15197257.000004                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu26.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu26.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu26.Branches                     244824                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu26.op_class::No_OpClass         174623      5.36%      5.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::IntAlu             543111     16.66%     22.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::IntMult             10532      0.32%     22.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::IntDiv              10493      0.32%     22.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::FloatMultAcc       681472     20.90%     43.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::FloatDiv             3584      0.11%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::MemRead            191113      5.86%     49.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::MemWrite           162450      4.98%     54.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::FloatMemRead       798064     24.48%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::FloatMemWrite       685056     21.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.op_class::total             3260498                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu26.appl_runtime_cycles         7748786                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu26.appl_num_enqueue                137                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu26.appl_enqueue_cycles            7444                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu26.appl_num_dequeue                  8                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu26.appl_dequeue_cycles             402                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu26.appl_num_steal_successful          123                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu26.appl_steal_successful_cycles        86092                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu26.appl_num_steal_failed         10193                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu26.appl_steal_failed_cycles       778859                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu26.appl_num_execute                131                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu26.appl_num_self_invalidation          171                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu26.appl_num_self_writeback          252                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu26.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu26.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu26.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu26.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu26.in_task_cycles              6850036                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_insts               2543782                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_icache_cycles       2956426                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_cycles       3893609                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2635230                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       801008                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1834222                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1037024                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       708088                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       328936                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       191570                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        29785                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2940506                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_num_access      1545252                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_num_load       831860                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       801008                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        30852                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_num_store       712846                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       708088                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4758                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_num_amo          416                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu26.in_task_dcache_num_flush          130                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_cycles           8347222                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_insts             716041                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_icache_cycles       906419                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7440803                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3632410                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       135254                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3497156                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       143960                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       134568                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         9392                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3629663                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        34770                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       902343                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       291431                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       146199                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       135254                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10945                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       134660                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       134568                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           92                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10279                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu26.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          293                      
system.main_cpu27.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu27.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu27.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu27.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu27.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu27.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu27.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu27.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu27.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu27.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu27.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu27.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu27.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu27.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu27.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu27.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu27.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu27.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu27.numCycles                  15197276                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu27.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu27.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu27.uli_resp_ack_sent               107                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu27.uli_resp_nack_sent            10600                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu27.uli_resp_ack_received           126                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu27.uli_resp_nack_received        10684                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu27.uli_req_sent                  10810                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu27.uli_req_received              10707                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu27.committedInsts              3059272                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu27.committedOps                3059505                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu27.num_int_alu_accesses        2358165                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu27.num_fp_alu_accesses         2123120                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu27.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu27.num_func_calls                24634                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu27.num_conditional_control_insts       187451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu27.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       161640                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu27.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        25811                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu27.num_unconditional_control_insts        24051                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu27.num_int_insts               2358165                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu27.num_fp_insts                2123120                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu27.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu27.num_int_register_reads      4134647                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu27.num_int_register_writes      1297826                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu27.num_fp_register_reads       2716672                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu27.num_fp_register_writes      1443952                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu27.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu27.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu27.num_mem_refs                1775370                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu27.num_load_insts               932295                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu27.num_store_insts              843075                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu27.num_idle_cycles            0.999997                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu27.num_busy_cycles        15197275.000003                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu27.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu27.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu27.Branches                     212085                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu27.op_class::No_OpClass         176118      5.76%      5.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::IntAlu             407265     13.31%     19.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::IntMult             11005      0.36%     19.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::IntDiv              10979      0.36%     19.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     19.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::FloatMultAcc       679168     22.20%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::FloatDiv                0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     41.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::MemRead            179101      5.85%     47.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::MemWrite           152317      4.98%     52.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::FloatMemRead       764784     24.99%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::FloatMemWrite       679168     22.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.op_class::total             3059905                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu27.appl_runtime_cycles         8666885                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu27.appl_num_enqueue                122                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu27.appl_enqueue_cycles            6441                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu27.appl_num_dequeue                 15                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu27.appl_dequeue_cycles            1078                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu27.appl_num_steal_successful          126                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu27.appl_steal_successful_cycles        77432                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu27.appl_num_steal_failed         10683                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu27.appl_steal_failed_cycles       794239                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu27.appl_num_execute                141                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu27.appl_num_self_invalidation          167                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu27.appl_num_self_writeback          233                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu27.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu27.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu27.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu27.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu27.in_task_cycles              6204244                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_insts               2311567                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_icache_cycles       2658602                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_cycles       3545641                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2461566                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       749807                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1711759                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1007439                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       687616                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       319823                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles        53113                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        23523                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2650548                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_num_access      1473236                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_num_load       780727                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       749807                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        30920                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_num_store       692260                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       687616                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4644                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_num_amo          141                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu27.in_task_dcache_num_flush          108                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_cycles           8993032                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_insts             747705                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_icache_cycles       944731                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      8048301                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3919323                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       139981                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3779342                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       148728                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       139145                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         9583                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3945864                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        34386                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       942741                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       302134                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       151568                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       139981                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11587                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       139225                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       139145                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           80                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        11049                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu27.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          292                      
system.main_cpu28.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu28.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu28.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu28.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu28.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu28.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu28.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu28.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu28.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu28.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu28.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu28.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu28.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu28.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu28.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu28.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu28.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu28.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu28.numCycles                  15197314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu28.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu28.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu28.uli_resp_ack_sent               129                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu28.uli_resp_nack_sent            10563                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu28.uli_resp_ack_received           117                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu28.uli_resp_nack_received        10584                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu28.uli_req_sent                  10702                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu28.uli_req_received              10692                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu28.committedInsts              3047511                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu28.committedOps                3047757                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu28.num_int_alu_accesses        2365670                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu28.num_fp_alu_accesses         2068896                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu28.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu28.num_func_calls                26008                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu28.num_conditional_control_insts       192554                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu28.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       160184                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu28.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        32370                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu28.num_unconditional_control_insts        24977                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu28.num_int_insts               2365670                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu28.num_fp_insts                2068896                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu28.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu28.num_int_register_reads      4128787                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu28.num_int_register_writes      1310151                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu28.num_fp_register_reads       2636800                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu28.num_fp_register_writes      1409440                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu28.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu28.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu28.num_mem_refs                1751300                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu28.num_load_insts               923436                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu28.num_store_insts              827864                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu28.num_idle_cycles            1.000000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu28.num_busy_cycles        15197313.000000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu28.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu28.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu28.Branches                     218562                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu28.op_class::No_OpClass         173835      5.70%      5.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::IntAlu             441818     14.49%     20.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::IntMult             10897      0.36%     20.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::IntDiv              10864      0.36%     20.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     20.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     20.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     20.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     20.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::FloatMultAcc       658432     21.60%     42.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::FloatDiv             1024      0.03%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::MemRead            184969      6.07%     48.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::MemWrite           156891      5.15%     53.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::FloatMemRead       749984     24.60%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::FloatMemWrite       659456     21.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.op_class::total             3048170                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu28.appl_runtime_cycles         7894652                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu28.appl_num_enqueue                142                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu28.appl_enqueue_cycles            9448                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu28.appl_num_dequeue                 13                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu28.appl_dequeue_cycles             890                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu28.appl_num_steal_successful          117                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu28.appl_steal_successful_cycles        72131                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu28.appl_num_steal_failed         10584                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu28.appl_steal_failed_cycles       779094                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu28.appl_num_execute                130                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu28.appl_num_self_invalidation          167                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu28.appl_num_self_writeback          246                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu28.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu28.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu28.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu28.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu28.in_task_cycles              6278423                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_insts               2321692                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_icache_cycles       2681108                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_cycles       3597314                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2452114                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       747003                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1705111                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1000652                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       676927                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       323725                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       115481                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        29067                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2668143                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_num_access      1458651                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_num_load       776681                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       747003                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        29678                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_num_store       681566                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       676927                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4639                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_num_amo          274                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu28.in_task_dcache_num_flush          130                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_cycles           8918891                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_insts             725819                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_icache_cycles       918213                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      8000678                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3886401                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       135319                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3751082                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       147125                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       134653                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        12472                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3936038                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        31114                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       914963                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       292649                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       146755                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       135319                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11436                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       134781                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       134653                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          128                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10830                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu28.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          283                      
system.main_cpu29.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu29.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu29.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu29.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu29.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu29.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu29.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu29.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu29.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu29.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu29.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu29.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu29.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu29.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu29.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu29.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu29.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu29.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu29.numCycles                  15197204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu29.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu29.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu29.uli_resp_ack_sent                82                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu29.uli_resp_nack_sent            11087                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu29.uli_resp_ack_received           126                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu29.uli_resp_nack_received        11267                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu29.uli_req_sent                  11393                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu29.uli_req_received              11169                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu29.committedInsts              2953749                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu29.committedOps                2953957                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu29.num_int_alu_accesses        2307772                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu29.num_fp_alu_accesses         1954256                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu29.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu29.num_func_calls                25182                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu29.num_conditional_control_insts       202392                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu29.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       169060                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu29.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        33332                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu29.num_unconditional_control_insts        24825                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu29.num_int_insts               2307772                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu29.num_fp_insts                1954256                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu29.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu29.num_int_register_reads      4011610                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu29.num_int_register_writes      1284748                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu29.num_fp_register_reads       2490368                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu29.num_fp_register_writes      1331408                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu29.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu29.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu29.num_mem_refs                1674998                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu29.num_load_insts               881747                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu29.num_store_insts              793251                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu29.num_idle_cycles            0.999993                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu29.num_busy_cycles        15197203.000007                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu29.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu29.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu29.Branches                     227574                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu29.op_class::No_OpClass         187253      6.34%      6.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::IntAlu             446056     15.10%     21.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::IntMult             11591      0.39%     21.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::IntDiv              11573      0.39%     22.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::FloatMultAcc       621824     21.05%     43.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::FloatDiv             1024      0.03%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::MemRead            185274      6.27%     49.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::MemWrite           158316      5.36%     54.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::FloatMemRead       708560     23.98%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::FloatMemWrite       622848     21.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.op_class::total             2954319                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu29.appl_runtime_cycles         9190778                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu29.appl_num_enqueue                 90                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu29.appl_enqueue_cycles            4133                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu29.appl_num_dequeue                  8                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu29.appl_dequeue_cycles             619                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu29.appl_num_steal_successful          126                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu29.appl_steal_successful_cycles        84261                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu29.appl_num_steal_failed         11267                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu29.appl_steal_failed_cycles       855502                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu29.appl_num_execute                134                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu29.appl_num_self_invalidation          154                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu29.appl_num_self_writeback          208                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu29.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu29.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu29.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu29.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu29.in_task_cycles              7224482                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_insts               2255143                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_icache_cycles       2614469                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_cycles       4610012                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2923995                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       710218                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2213777                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       925718                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       645700                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       280018                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       740695                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        19604                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2605489                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_num_access      1390902                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_num_load       739349                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       710218                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        29131                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_num_store       649789                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       645700                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4089                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_num_amo         1681                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu29.in_task_dcache_num_flush           83                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_cycles           7972722                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_insts             698606                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_icache_cycles       882815                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7089907                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3439589                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       131678                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3307911                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       139609                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       131317                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         8292                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3477689                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        33020                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       880462                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       284096                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       142398                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       131678                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10720                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       131375                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       131317                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           58                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10044                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu29.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          279                      
system.main_cpu30.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu30.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu30.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu30.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu30.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu30.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu30.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu30.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu30.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu30.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu30.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu30.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu30.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu30.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu30.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu30.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu30.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu30.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu30.numCycles                  15197214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu30.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu30.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu30.uli_resp_ack_sent               116                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu30.uli_resp_nack_sent            10416                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu30.uli_resp_ack_received           114                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu30.uli_resp_nack_received        11963                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu30.uli_req_sent                  12077                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu30.uli_req_received              10532                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu30.committedInsts              2988433                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu30.committedOps                2988663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu30.num_int_alu_accesses        2359692                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu30.num_fp_alu_accesses         1898960                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu30.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu30.num_func_calls                26622                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu30.num_conditional_control_insts       219819                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu30.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       183353                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu30.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        36466                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu30.num_unconditional_control_insts        26123                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu30.num_int_insts               2359692                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu30.num_fp_insts                1898960                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu30.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu30.num_int_register_reads      4071778                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu30.num_int_register_writes      1322363                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu30.num_fp_register_reads       2416896                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu30.num_fp_register_writes      1294416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu30.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu30.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu30.num_mem_refs                1677217                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu30.num_load_insts               882976                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu30.num_store_insts              794241                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu30.num_idle_cycles            0.999993                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu30.num_busy_cycles        15197213.000007                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu30.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu30.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu30.Branches                     246441                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu30.op_class::No_OpClass         205568      6.88%      6.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::IntAlu             477177     15.96%     22.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::IntMult             12283      0.41%     23.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::IntDiv              12259      0.41%     23.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     23.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::FloatMultAcc       603264     20.18%     43.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::FloatDiv             1280      0.04%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::MemRead            205925      6.89%     50.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::MemWrite           176876      5.92%     56.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::FloatMemRead       689872     23.08%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::FloatMemWrite       604544     20.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.op_class::total             2989048                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu30.appl_runtime_cycles         8723446                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu30.appl_num_enqueue                126                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu30.appl_enqueue_cycles            6510                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu30.appl_num_dequeue                 10                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu30.appl_dequeue_cycles             593                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu30.appl_num_steal_successful          114                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu30.appl_steal_successful_cycles        87346                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu30.appl_num_steal_failed         11963                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu30.appl_steal_failed_cycles       957819                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu30.appl_num_execute                124                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu30.appl_num_self_invalidation          155                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu30.appl_num_self_writeback          230                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu30.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu30.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu30.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu30.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu30.in_task_cycles              6053378                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_insts               2140901                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_icache_cycles       2479198                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_cycles       3574179                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2388525                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       682007                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1706518                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       926526                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       616964                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       309562                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       231875                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        27253                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2467145                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_num_access      1330956                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_num_load       709239                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       682007                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        27232                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_num_store       621087                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       616964                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4123                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_num_amo          514                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu30.in_task_dcache_num_flush          116                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_cycles           9143836                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_insts             847532                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1071954                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      8071882                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3898552                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       161201                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3737351                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       171803                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       160253                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        11550                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3970813                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        30714                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch      1068568                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       346261                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       173737                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       161201                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        12536                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       160333                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       160253                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           80                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        11922                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu30.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          269                      
system.main_cpu31.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu31.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu31.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu31.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu31.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu31.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu31.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu31.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu31.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu31.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu31.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu31.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu31.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu31.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu31.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu31.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu31.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu31.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu31.numCycles                  15197096                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu31.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu31.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu31.uli_resp_ack_sent               196                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu31.uli_resp_nack_sent            10128                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu31.uli_resp_ack_received            91                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu31.uli_resp_nack_received        10344                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu31.uli_req_sent                  10435                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu31.uli_req_received              10324                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu31.committedInsts              3306799                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu31.committedOps                3307086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu31.num_int_alu_accesses        2617971                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu31.num_fp_alu_accesses         2119168                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu31.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu31.num_func_calls                26089                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu31.num_conditional_control_insts       237514                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu31.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       183234                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu31.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        54280                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu31.num_unconditional_control_insts        24467                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu31.num_int_insts               2617971                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu31.num_fp_insts                2119168                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu31.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu31.num_int_register_reads      4515547                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu31.num_int_register_writes      1459651                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu31.num_fp_register_reads       2666752                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu31.num_fp_register_writes      1451392                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu31.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu31.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu31.num_mem_refs                1843659                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu31.num_load_insts               984002                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu31.num_store_insts              859657                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu31.num_idle_cycles            0.999986                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu31.num_busy_cycles        15197095.000014                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu31.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu31.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu31.Branches                     263603                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu31.op_class::No_OpClass         187398      5.67%      5.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::IntAlu             587469     17.76%     23.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::IntMult             10653      0.32%     23.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::IntDiv              10590      0.32%     24.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     24.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     24.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     24.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     24.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::FloatMultAcc       663424     20.06%     44.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::FloatDiv             4352      0.13%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     44.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::MemRead            211699      6.40%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::MemWrite           180568      5.46%     56.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::FloatMemRead       783616     23.69%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::FloatMemWrite       667776     20.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.op_class::total             3307545                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu31.appl_runtime_cycles         7179622                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu31.appl_num_enqueue                213                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu31.appl_enqueue_cycles           11989                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu31.appl_num_dequeue                 17                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu31.appl_dequeue_cycles             895                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu31.appl_num_steal_successful           91                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu31.appl_steal_successful_cycles        58919                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu31.appl_num_steal_failed         10344                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu31.appl_steal_failed_cycles       884472                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu31.appl_num_execute                108                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu31.appl_num_self_invalidation          172                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu31.appl_num_self_writeback          287                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu31.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu31.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu31.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu31.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu31.in_task_cycles              6757971                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_insts               2520289                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_icache_cycles       2942890                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_cycles       3815080                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2698314                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       789245                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1909069                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1059352                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       693913                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       365439                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles        20747                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        36667                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2915364                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_num_access      1520373                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_num_load       821056                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       789245                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        31811                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_num_store       699020                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       693913                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         5107                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_num_amo          100                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu31.in_task_dcache_num_flush          197                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_cycles           8439125                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_insts             786510                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_icache_cycles       996641                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7442484                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3620906                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       151557                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3469349                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       161575                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       149199                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        12376                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3634936                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        25067                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       992904                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       323286                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       162946                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       151557                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11389                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       149324                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       149199                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          125                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10754                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu31.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          262                      
system.main_cpu32.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu32.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu32.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu32.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu32.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu32.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu32.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu32.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu32.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu32.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu32.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu32.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu32.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu32.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu32.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu32.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu32.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu32.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu32.numCycles                  15197229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu32.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu32.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu32.uli_resp_ack_sent                67                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu32.uli_resp_nack_sent            11881                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu32.uli_resp_ack_received           108                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu32.uli_resp_nack_received        10730                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu32.uli_req_sent                  10838                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu32.uli_req_received              11948                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu32.committedInsts              2828272                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu32.committedOps                2828447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu32.num_int_alu_accesses        2232410                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu32.num_fp_alu_accesses         1800096                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu32.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu32.num_func_calls                24876                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu32.num_conditional_control_insts       208540                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu32.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       176642                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu32.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        31898                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu32.num_unconditional_control_insts        24253                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu32.num_int_insts               2232410                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu32.num_fp_insts                1800096                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu32.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu32.num_int_register_reads      3854159                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu32.num_int_register_writes      1242804                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu32.num_fp_register_reads       2292736                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu32.num_fp_register_writes      1226656                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu32.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu32.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu32.num_mem_refs                1596787                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu32.num_load_insts               840086                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu32.num_store_insts              756701                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu32.num_idle_cycles            0.999994                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu32.num_busy_cycles        15197228.000006                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu32.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu32.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu32.Branches                     233416                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu32.op_class::No_OpClass         195277      6.90%      6.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::IntAlu             441181     15.60%     22.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::IntMult             11046      0.39%     22.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::IntDiv              11027      0.39%     23.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     23.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::FloatMultAcc       572416     20.24%     43.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::FloatDiv             1024      0.04%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::MemRead            198320      7.01%     50.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::MemWrite           171811      6.07%     56.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::FloatMemRead       653216     23.09%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::FloatMemWrite       573440     20.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.op_class::total             2828758                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu32.appl_runtime_cycles         9401381                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu32.appl_num_enqueue                 80                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu32.appl_enqueue_cycles            5458                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu32.appl_num_dequeue                 13                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu32.appl_dequeue_cycles             959                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu32.appl_num_steal_successful          108                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu32.appl_steal_successful_cycles        85068                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu32.appl_num_steal_failed         10730                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu32.appl_steal_failed_cycles       928910                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu32.appl_num_execute                121                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu32.appl_num_self_invalidation          136                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu32.appl_num_self_writeback          175                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu32.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu32.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu32.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu32.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu32.in_task_cycles              5941368                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_insts               2030279                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_icache_cycles       2348121                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_cycles       3593246                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2444033                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       649027                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1795006                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       884505                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       587586                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       296919                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       246291                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        18417                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2337749                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_num_access      1266796                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_num_load       674816                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       649027                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        25789                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_num_store       591397                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       587586                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         3811                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_num_amo          515                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu32.in_task_dcache_num_flush           68                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_cycles           9255861                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_insts             797993                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1007753                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      8248108                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      4058311                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       154057                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3904254                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       164472                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       153761                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        10711                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3993571                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        31754                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch      1004864                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       329991                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       165270                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       154057                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11213                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       153854                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       153761                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           93                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10624                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu32.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          243                      
system.main_cpu33.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu33.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu33.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu33.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu33.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu33.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu33.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu33.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu33.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu33.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu33.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu33.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu33.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu33.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu33.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu33.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu33.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu33.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu33.numCycles                  15197314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu33.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu33.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu33.uli_resp_ack_sent                62                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu33.uli_resp_nack_sent            10357                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu33.uli_resp_ack_received           122                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu33.uli_resp_nack_received        10689                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu33.uli_req_sent                  10811                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu33.uli_req_received              10419                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu33.committedInsts              2848005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu33.committedOps                2848189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu33.num_int_alu_accesses        2231916                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu33.num_fp_alu_accesses         1864096                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu33.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu33.num_func_calls                24150                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu33.num_conditional_control_insts       200607                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu33.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       168681                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu33.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        31926                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu33.num_unconditional_control_insts        23768                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu33.num_int_insts               2231916                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu33.num_fp_insts                1864096                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu33.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu33.num_int_register_reads      3872539                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu33.num_int_register_writes      1240092                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu33.num_fp_register_reads       2374656                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu33.num_fp_register_writes      1270176                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu33.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu33.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu33.num_mem_refs                1613309                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu33.num_load_insts               849221                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu33.num_store_insts              764088                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu33.num_idle_cycles            1.000000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu33.num_busy_cycles        15197313.000000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu33.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu33.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu33.Branches                     224757                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu33.op_class::No_OpClass         185662      6.52%      6.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::IntAlu             433658     15.22%     21.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::IntMult             10994      0.39%     22.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::IntDiv              10976      0.39%     22.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::FloatMultAcc       592896     20.81%     43.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::FloatDiv             1024      0.04%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::MemRead            184424      6.47%     49.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::MemWrite           158709      5.57%     55.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::FloatMemRead       676256     23.74%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::FloatMemWrite       593920     20.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.op_class::total             2848519                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu33.appl_runtime_cycles         9359565                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu33.appl_num_enqueue                 68                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu33.appl_enqueue_cycles            3650                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu33.appl_num_dequeue                  6                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu33.appl_dequeue_cycles             199                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu33.appl_num_steal_successful          122                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu33.appl_steal_successful_cycles        95887                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu33.appl_num_steal_failed         10689                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu33.appl_steal_failed_cycles       851765                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu33.appl_num_execute                128                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu33.appl_num_self_invalidation          146                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu33.appl_num_self_writeback          184                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu33.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu33.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu33.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu33.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu33.in_task_cycles              6332028                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_insts               2107909                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_icache_cycles       2438482                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_cycles       3893545                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2591265                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       670327                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1920938                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       882084                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       607809                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       274275                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       406350                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        13846                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2430340                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_num_access      1309857                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_num_load       697265                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       670327                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        26938                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_num_store       611679                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       607809                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         3870                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_num_amo          850                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu33.in_task_dcache_num_flush           63                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_cycles           8865286                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_insts             740096                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_icache_cycles       934300                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7930986                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3894449                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       141092                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3753357                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       145601                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       140909                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         4692                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3856042                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        34894                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       932327                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       303452                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       151956                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       141092                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10864                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       140950                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       140909                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           41                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10279                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu33.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          267                      
system.main_cpu34.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu34.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu34.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu34.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu34.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu34.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu34.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu34.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu34.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu34.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu34.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu34.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu34.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu34.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu34.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu34.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu34.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu34.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu34.numCycles                  15197314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu34.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu34.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu34.uli_resp_ack_sent               185                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu34.uli_resp_nack_sent            11441                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu34.uli_resp_ack_received           114                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu34.uli_resp_nack_received         9969                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu34.uli_req_sent                  10084                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu34.uli_req_received              11626                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu34.committedInsts              3110403                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu34.committedOps                3110702                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu34.num_int_alu_accesses        2420864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu34.num_fp_alu_accesses         2104272                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu34.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu34.num_func_calls                25561                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu34.num_conditional_control_insts       197669                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu34.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       159446                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu34.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        38223                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu34.num_unconditional_control_insts        24217                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu34.num_int_insts               2420864                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu34.num_fp_insts                2104272                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu34.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu34.num_int_register_reads      4219817                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu34.num_int_register_writes      1340011                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu34.num_fp_register_reads       2671616                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu34.num_fp_register_writes      1435856                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu34.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu34.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu34.num_mem_refs                1779089                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu34.num_load_insts               942175                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu34.num_store_insts              836914                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu34.num_idle_cycles            1.000000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu34.num_busy_cycles        15197313.000000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu34.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu34.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu34.Branches                     223230                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu34.op_class::No_OpClass         167790      5.39%      5.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::IntAlu             475328     15.28%     20.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::IntMult             10302      0.33%     21.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::IntDiv              10257      0.33%     21.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     21.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::FloatMultAcc       666368     21.42%     42.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::FloatDiv             2048      0.07%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::MemRead            185699      5.97%     48.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::MemWrite           157534      5.06%     53.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::FloatMemRead       767440     24.67%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::FloatMemWrite       668416     21.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.op_class::total             3111182                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu34.appl_runtime_cycles         8335107                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu34.appl_num_enqueue                192                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu34.appl_enqueue_cycles            9480                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu34.appl_num_dequeue                  7                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu34.appl_dequeue_cycles             425                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu34.appl_num_steal_successful          114                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu34.appl_steal_successful_cycles        70873                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu34.appl_num_steal_failed          9969                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu34.appl_steal_failed_cycles       747697                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu34.appl_num_execute                121                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu34.appl_num_self_invalidation          181                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu34.appl_num_self_writeback          299                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu34.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu34.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu34.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu34.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu34.in_task_cycles              8068605                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_insts               2511285                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_icache_cycles       2917173                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_cycles       5151431                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      3295107                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       787708                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2507399                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1046970                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       709184                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       337786                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       775366                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        33988                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2902603                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_num_access      1536006                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_num_load       819964                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       787708                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        32256                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_num_store       714075                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       709184                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4891                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_num_amo         1781                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu34.in_task_dcache_num_flush          186                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_cycles           7128709                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_insts             599118                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_icache_cycles       758465                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      6370244                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3112880                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       113085                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2999795                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       121078                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       111762                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         9316                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3104285                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        32001                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       755426                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       243083                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       122211                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       113085                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss         9126                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       111875                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       111762                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          113                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         8703                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu34.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          294                      
system.main_cpu35.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu35.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu35.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu35.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu35.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu35.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu35.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu35.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu35.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu35.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu35.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu35.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu35.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu35.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu35.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu35.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu35.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu35.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu35.numCycles                  15196935                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu35.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu35.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu35.uli_resp_ack_sent                95                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu35.uli_resp_nack_sent            10520                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu35.uli_resp_ack_received           115                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu35.uli_resp_nack_received        11013                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu35.uli_req_sent                  11128                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu35.uli_req_received              10615                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu35.committedInsts              2899947                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu35.committedOps                2900157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu35.num_int_alu_accesses        2263056                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu35.num_fp_alu_accesses         1928096                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu35.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu35.num_func_calls                24679                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu35.num_conditional_control_insts       195823                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu35.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       162990                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu35.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        32833                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu35.num_unconditional_control_insts        24271                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu35.num_int_insts               2263056                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu35.num_fp_insts                1928096                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu35.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu35.num_int_register_reads      3936475                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu35.num_int_register_writes      1260087                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu35.num_fp_register_reads       2456576                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu35.num_fp_register_writes      1313696                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu35.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu35.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu35.num_mem_refs                1646635                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu35.num_load_insts               867228                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu35.num_store_insts              779407                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu35.num_idle_cycles            0.999975                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu35.num_busy_cycles        15196934.000025                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu35.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu35.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu35.Branches                     220502                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu35.op_class::No_OpClass         180425      6.22%      6.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::IntAlu             436441     15.05%     21.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::IntMult             11319      0.39%     21.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::IntDiv              11297      0.39%     22.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::FloatMultAcc       613376     21.15%     43.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::FloatDiv             1024      0.04%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::MemRead            179746      6.20%     49.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::MemWrite           153193      5.28%     54.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::FloatMemRead       699296     24.11%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::FloatMemWrite       614400     21.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.op_class::total             2900517                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu35.appl_runtime_cycles         8089992                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu35.appl_num_enqueue                108                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu35.appl_enqueue_cycles            5386                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu35.appl_num_dequeue                 13                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu35.appl_dequeue_cycles             626                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu35.appl_num_steal_successful          115                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu35.appl_steal_successful_cycles        74867                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu35.appl_num_steal_failed         11012                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu35.appl_steal_failed_cycles       823510                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu35.appl_num_execute                128                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu35.appl_num_self_invalidation          150                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu35.appl_num_self_writeback          210                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu35.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu35.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu35.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu35.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu35.in_task_cycles              6607953                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_insts               2181727                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_icache_cycles       2524283                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_cycles       4083669                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2696592                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       693387                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2003205                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       936427                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       629387                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       307040                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       428585                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        22065                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2515323                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_num_access      1355950                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_num_load       721433                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       693387                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        28046                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_num_store       633501                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       629387                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4114                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_num_amo          922                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu35.in_task_dcache_num_flush           94                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_cycles           8588982                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_insts             718220                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_icache_cycles       907935                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7681047                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3740773                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       134835                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3605938                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       144762                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       134008                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        10754                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3763178                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        32334                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       905465                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       290685                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       145795                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       134835                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10960                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       134092                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       134008                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           84                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10532                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu35.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          266                      
system.main_cpu36.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu36.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu36.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu36.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu36.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu36.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu36.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu36.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu36.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu36.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu36.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu36.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu36.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu36.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu36.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu36.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu36.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu36.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu36.numCycles                  15197139                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu36.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu36.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu36.uli_resp_ack_sent               121                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu36.uli_resp_nack_sent            10339                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu36.uli_resp_ack_received           115                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu36.uli_resp_nack_received        10866                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu36.uli_req_sent                  10981                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu36.uli_req_received              10460                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu36.committedInsts              2987749                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu36.committedOps                2987985                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu36.num_int_alu_accesses        2326448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu36.num_fp_alu_accesses         2004896                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu36.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu36.num_func_calls                25263                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu36.num_conditional_control_insts       195826                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu36.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       163042                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu36.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        32784                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu36.num_unconditional_control_insts        24544                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu36.num_int_insts               2326448                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu36.num_fp_insts                2004896                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu36.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu36.num_int_register_reads      4052116                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu36.num_int_register_writes      1292196                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu36.num_fp_register_reads       2554880                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu36.num_fp_register_writes      1365920                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu36.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu36.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu36.num_mem_refs                1706415                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu36.num_load_insts               899259                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu36.num_store_insts              807156                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu36.num_idle_cycles            0.999988                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu36.num_busy_cycles        15197138.000012                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu36.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu36.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu36.Branches                     221089                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu36.op_class::No_OpClass         178664      5.98%      5.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::IntAlu             441999     14.79%     20.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::IntMult             11178      0.37%     21.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::IntDiv              11150      0.37%     21.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     21.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::FloatMultAcc       637952     21.35%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::FloatDiv             1024      0.03%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::MemRead            184055      6.16%     49.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::MemWrite           156440      5.23%     54.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::FloatMemRead       726944     24.33%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::FloatMemWrite       638976     21.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.op_class::total             2988382                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu36.appl_runtime_cycles         8870619                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu36.appl_num_enqueue                134                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu36.appl_enqueue_cycles            7933                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu36.appl_num_dequeue                 13                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu36.appl_dequeue_cycles             631                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu36.appl_num_steal_successful          115                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu36.appl_steal_successful_cycles        79751                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu36.appl_num_steal_failed         10866                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu36.appl_steal_failed_cycles       806222                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu36.appl_num_execute                128                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu36.appl_num_self_invalidation          161                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu36.appl_num_self_writeback          236                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu36.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu36.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu36.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu36.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu36.in_task_cycles              6756747                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_insts               2273411                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_icache_cycles       2629887                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_cycles       4126859                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2732747                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       724897                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2007850                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       981847                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       657945                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       323902                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       383939                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        28326                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2618271                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_num_access      1417576                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_num_load       754273                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       724897                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        29376                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_num_store       662351                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       657945                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4406                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_num_amo          831                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu36.in_task_dcache_num_flush          121                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_cycles           8440392                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_insts             714338                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_icache_cycles       903240                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7537152                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3665930                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       134016                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3531914                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       147200                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       132937                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        14263                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3693701                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        30321                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       900838                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       288839                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       144986                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       134016                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10970                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       133065                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       132937                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          128                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10512                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu36.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          276                      
system.main_cpu37.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu37.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu37.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu37.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu37.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu37.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu37.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu37.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu37.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu37.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu37.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu37.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu37.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu37.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu37.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu37.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu37.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu37.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu37.numCycles                  15196964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu37.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu37.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu37.uli_resp_ack_sent               169                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu37.uli_resp_nack_sent            10845                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu37.uli_resp_ack_received           119                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu37.uli_resp_nack_received         9972                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu37.uli_req_sent                  10091                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu37.uli_req_received              11014                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu37.committedInsts              3354305                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu37.committedOps                3354593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu37.num_int_alu_accesses        2611251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu37.num_fp_alu_accesses         2284672                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu37.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu37.num_func_calls                24577                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu37.num_conditional_control_insts       215933                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu37.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       168904                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu37.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        47029                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu37.num_unconditional_control_insts        23422                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu37.num_int_insts               2611251                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu37.num_fp_insts                2284672                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu37.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu37.num_int_register_reads      4554944                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu37.num_int_register_writes      1440150                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu37.num_fp_register_reads       2886912                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu37.num_fp_register_writes      1562112                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu37.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu37.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu37.num_mem_refs                1905056                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu37.num_load_insts              1014210                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu37.num_store_insts              890846                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu37.num_idle_cycles            0.999977                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu37.num_busy_cycles        15196963.000023                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu37.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu37.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu37.Branches                     240510                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu37.op_class::No_OpClass         170143      5.07%      5.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::IntAlu             536749     16.00%     21.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::IntMult             10306      0.31%     21.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::IntDiv              10251      0.31%     21.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     21.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::FloatMultAcc       719232     21.44%     43.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::FloatDiv             3328      0.10%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::MemRead            185633      5.53%     48.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::MemWrite           157311      4.69%     53.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::FloatMemRead       839552     25.02%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::FloatMemWrite       722560     21.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.op_class::total             3355065                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu37.appl_runtime_cycles         7899222                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu37.appl_num_enqueue                177                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu37.appl_enqueue_cycles            8267                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu37.appl_num_dequeue                  8                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu37.appl_dequeue_cycles             497                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu37.appl_num_steal_successful          119                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu37.appl_steal_successful_cycles        85055                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu37.appl_num_steal_failed          9972                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu37.appl_steal_failed_cycles       757069                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu37.appl_num_execute                127                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu37.appl_num_self_invalidation          184                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu37.appl_num_self_writeback          288                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu37.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu37.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu37.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu37.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu37.in_task_cycles              7416749                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_insts               2666619                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_icache_cycles       3100287                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_cycles       4316461                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2910362                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       841131                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2069231                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1115919                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       746237                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       369682                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       257655                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        32525                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      3080662                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_num_access      1625514                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_num_load       873499                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       841131                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        32368                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_num_store       751255                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       746237                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         5018                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_num_amo          590                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu37.in_task_dcache_num_flush          170                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_cycles           7780215                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_insts             687686                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_icache_cycles       872036                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      6908179                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3344980                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       130446                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3214534                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       138938                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       128501                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        10437                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3393149                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        31112                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       867880                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       279542                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       140711                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       130446                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10265                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       128616                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       128501                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          115                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         9913                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu37.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          302                      
system.main_cpu38.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu38.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu38.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu38.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu38.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu38.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu38.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu38.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu38.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu38.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu38.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu38.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu38.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu38.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu38.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu38.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu38.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu38.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu38.numCycles                  15197300                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu38.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu38.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu38.uli_resp_ack_sent               123                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu38.uli_resp_nack_sent            11292                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu38.uli_resp_ack_received           126                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu38.uli_resp_nack_received         9168                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu38.uli_req_sent                   9294                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu38.uli_req_received              11415                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu38.committedInsts              3412736                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu38.committedOps                3412985                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu38.num_int_alu_accesses        2683241                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu38.num_fp_alu_accesses         2259872                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu38.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu38.num_func_calls                25355                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu38.num_conditional_control_insts       233594                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu38.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       171504                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu38.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        62090                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu38.num_unconditional_control_insts        23720                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu38.num_int_insts               2683241                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu38.num_fp_insts                2259872                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu38.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu38.num_int_register_reads      4656365                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu38.num_int_register_writes      1484966                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu38.num_fp_register_reads       2830080                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu38.num_fp_register_writes      1550880                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu38.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu38.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu38.num_mem_refs                1900936                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu38.num_load_insts              1020951                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu38.num_store_insts              879985                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu38.num_idle_cycles            0.999999                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu38.num_busy_cycles        15197299.000001                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu38.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu38.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu38.Branches                     258949                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu38.op_class::No_OpClass         164795      4.83%      4.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::IntAlu             619735     18.16%     22.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::IntMult              9501      0.28%     23.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::IntDiv               9451      0.28%     23.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     23.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::FloatMultAcc       703104     20.60%     44.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::FloatDiv             5888      0.17%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::MemRead            189160      5.54%     49.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::MemWrite           160896      4.71%     54.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::FloatMemRead       841888     24.66%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::FloatMemWrite       708992     20.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.op_class::total             3413410                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu38.appl_runtime_cycles         7865977                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu38.appl_num_enqueue                126                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu38.appl_enqueue_cycles            6241                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu38.appl_num_dequeue                  3                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu38.appl_dequeue_cycles             173                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu38.appl_num_steal_successful          126                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu38.appl_steal_successful_cycles        94343                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu38.appl_num_steal_failed          9167                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu38.appl_steal_failed_cycles       728278                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu38.appl_num_execute                129                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu38.appl_num_self_invalidation          176                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu38.appl_num_self_writeback          249                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu38.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu38.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu38.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu38.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu38.in_task_cycles              7871234                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_insts               2771251                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_icache_cycles       3243792                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_cycles       4627441                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      3148947                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       855606                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2293341                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1091335                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       742939                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       348396                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       361053                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        26106                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      3218796                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_num_access      1637654                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_num_load       888915                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       855606                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        33309                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_num_store       747812                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       742939                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4873                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_num_amo          803                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu38.in_task_dcache_num_flush          124                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_cycles           7326066                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_insts             641485                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_icache_cycles       812041                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      6514025                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3159904                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       122611                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3037293                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       128116                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       122009                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         6107                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3191345                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        34660                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       808197                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       263282                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       132036                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       122611                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss         9425                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       122076                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       122009                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           67                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         8869                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu38.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          301                      
system.main_cpu39.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu39.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu39.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu39.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu39.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu39.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu39.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu39.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu39.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu39.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu39.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu39.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu39.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu39.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu39.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu39.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu39.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu39.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu39.numCycles                  15197222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu39.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu39.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu39.uli_resp_ack_sent               249                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu39.uli_resp_nack_sent             9327                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu39.uli_resp_ack_received            94                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu39.uli_resp_nack_received         9091                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu39.uli_req_sent                   9185                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu39.uli_req_received               9576                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu39.committedInsts              3468231                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu39.committedOps                3468574                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu39.num_int_alu_accesses        2692177                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu39.num_fp_alu_accesses         2386560                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu39.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu39.num_func_calls                25422                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu39.num_conditional_control_insts       212131                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu39.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       171468                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu39.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        40663                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu39.num_unconditional_control_insts        23293                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu39.num_int_insts               2692177                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu39.num_fp_insts                2386560                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu39.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu39.num_int_register_reads      4701741                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu39.num_int_register_writes      1472755                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu39.num_fp_register_reads       3025408                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu39.num_fp_register_writes      1629568                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu39.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu39.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu39.num_mem_refs                2006789                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu39.num_load_insts              1066090                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu39.num_store_insts              940699                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu39.num_idle_cycles            0.999994                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu39.num_busy_cycles        15197221.000006                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu39.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu39.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu39.Branches                     237553                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu39.op_class::No_OpClass         169117      4.87%      4.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::IntAlu             517508     14.92%     19.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::IntMult              9395      0.27%     20.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::IntDiv               9311      0.27%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::FloatMultAcc       754432     21.75%     42.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::FloatDiv             2560      0.07%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::MemRead            203720      5.87%     48.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::MemWrite           173501      5.00%     53.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::FloatMemRead       872576     25.15%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::FloatMemWrite       756992     21.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.op_class::total             3469112                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu39.appl_runtime_cycles         7223393                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu39.appl_num_enqueue                266                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu39.appl_enqueue_cycles           14721                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu39.appl_num_dequeue                 17                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu39.appl_dequeue_cycles            1153                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu39.appl_num_steal_successful           94                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu39.appl_steal_successful_cycles        67434                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu39.appl_num_steal_failed          9091                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu39.appl_steal_failed_cycles       768312                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu39.appl_num_execute                111                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu39.appl_num_self_invalidation          195                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu39.appl_num_self_writeback          343                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu39.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu39.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu39.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu39.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu39.in_task_cycles              8093671                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_insts               2802497                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_icache_cycles       3251007                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_cycles       4842663                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      3303638                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       892540                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2411098                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1226688                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       798205                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       428483                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       265159                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        47178                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      3227044                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_num_access      1732670                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_num_load       927735                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       892540                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        35195                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_num_store       804055                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       798205                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         5850                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_num_amo          630                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu39.in_task_dcache_num_flush          250                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_cycles           7103551                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_insts             665734                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_icache_cycles       843860                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      6259691                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3031771                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       129448                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2902323                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       137820                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       126280                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        11540                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3063997                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        26103                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       840442                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       274119                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       138355                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       129448                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss         8907                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       126438                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       126280                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          158                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         9038                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu39.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          288                      
system.main_cpu40.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu40.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu40.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu40.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu40.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu40.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu40.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu40.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu40.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu40.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu40.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu40.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu40.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu40.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu40.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu40.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu40.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu40.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu40.numCycles                  15197210                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu40.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu40.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu40.uli_resp_ack_sent                98                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu40.uli_resp_nack_sent             9340                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu40.uli_resp_ack_received           115                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu40.uli_resp_nack_received        10002                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu40.uli_req_sent                  10117                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu40.uli_req_received               9438                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu40.committedInsts              2993182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu40.committedOps                2993395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu40.num_int_alu_accesses        2346108                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu40.num_fp_alu_accesses         1969424                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu40.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu40.num_func_calls                23701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu40.num_conditional_control_insts       209702                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu40.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       175391                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu40.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        34311                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu40.num_unconditional_control_insts        22994                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu40.num_int_insts               2346108                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu40.num_fp_insts                1969424                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu40.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu40.num_int_register_reads      4071846                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu40.num_int_register_writes      1294169                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu40.num_fp_register_reads       2503168                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu40.num_fp_register_writes      1343248                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu40.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu40.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu40.num_mem_refs                1701779                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu40.num_load_insts               898339                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu40.num_store_insts              803440                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu40.num_idle_cycles            0.999993                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu40.num_busy_cycles        15197209.000007                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu40.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu40.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu40.Branches                     233403                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu40.op_class::No_OpClass         186293      6.22%      6.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::IntAlu             458980     15.33%     21.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::IntMult             10283      0.34%     21.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::IntDiv              10251      0.34%     22.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::FloatMultAcc       624640     20.86%     43.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::FloatDiv             1536      0.05%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::MemRead            192089      6.42%     49.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::MemWrite           166442      5.56%     55.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::FloatMemRead       717072     23.95%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::FloatMemWrite       626176     20.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.op_class::total             2993762                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu40.appl_runtime_cycles         8405357                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu40.appl_num_enqueue                107                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu40.appl_enqueue_cycles            8611                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu40.appl_num_dequeue                  9                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu40.appl_dequeue_cycles             771                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu40.appl_num_steal_successful          115                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu40.appl_steal_successful_cycles        77303                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu40.appl_num_steal_failed         10002                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu40.appl_steal_failed_cycles       889868                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu40.appl_num_execute                124                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu40.appl_num_self_invalidation          154                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu40.appl_num_self_writeback          213                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu40.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu40.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu40.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu40.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu40.in_task_cycles              6611234                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_insts               2238415                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_icache_cycles       2594061                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_cycles       4017172                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2754630                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       713274                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2041356                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       982043                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       642458                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       339585                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       253681                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        26818                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2579485                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_num_access      1388664                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_num_load       741387                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       713274                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        28113                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_num_store       646645                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       642458                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4187                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_num_amo          533                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu40.in_task_dcache_num_flush           99                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_cycles           8585976                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_insts             754767                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_icache_cycles       954253                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7631723                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3768033                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       146393                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3621640                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       157597                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       145867                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        11730                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3671898                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        34195                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       950646                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       313115                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       156952                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       146393                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10559                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       145973                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       145867                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          106                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         9922                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu40.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          268                      
system.main_cpu41.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu41.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu41.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu41.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu41.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu41.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu41.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu41.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu41.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu41.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu41.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu41.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu41.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu41.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu41.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu41.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu41.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu41.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu41.numCycles                  15197171                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu41.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu41.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu41.uli_resp_ack_sent                93                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu41.uli_resp_nack_sent            11685                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu41.uli_resp_ack_received           121                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu41.uli_resp_nack_received         9888                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu41.uli_req_sent                  10009                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu41.uli_req_received              11778                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu41.committedInsts              2992532                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu41.committedOps                2992746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu41.num_int_alu_accesses        2332257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu41.num_fp_alu_accesses         2009504                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu41.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu41.num_func_calls                23988                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu41.num_conditional_control_insts       199285                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu41.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       165169                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu41.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        34116                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu41.num_unconditional_control_insts        23216                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu41.num_int_insts               2332257                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu41.num_fp_insts                2009504                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu41.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu41.num_int_register_reads      4063378                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu41.num_int_register_writes      1286451                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu41.num_fp_register_reads       2555392                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu41.num_fp_register_writes      1370272                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu41.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu41.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu41.num_mem_refs                1708492                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu41.num_load_insts               902208                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu41.num_store_insts              806284                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu41.num_idle_cycles            0.999991                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu41.num_busy_cycles        15197170.000009                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu41.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu41.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu41.Branches                     223273                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu41.op_class::No_OpClass         175083      5.85%      5.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::IntAlu             449929     15.03%     20.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::IntMult             10203      0.34%     21.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::IntDiv              10178      0.34%     21.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     21.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::FloatMultAcc       637696     21.31%     42.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::FloatDiv             1536      0.05%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::MemRead            181893      6.08%     49.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::MemWrite           156327      5.22%     54.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::FloatMemRead       731040     24.42%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::FloatMemWrite       639232     21.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.op_class::total             2993117                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu41.appl_runtime_cycles         8522093                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu41.appl_num_enqueue                104                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu41.appl_enqueue_cycles            6085                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu41.appl_num_dequeue                 11                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu41.appl_dequeue_cycles             971                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu41.appl_num_steal_successful          121                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu41.appl_steal_successful_cycles        75279                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu41.appl_num_steal_failed          9888                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu41.appl_steal_failed_cycles       813496                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu41.appl_num_execute                132                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu41.appl_num_self_invalidation          157                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu41.appl_num_self_writeback          214                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu41.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu41.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu41.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu41.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu41.in_task_cycles              6752080                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_insts               2286442                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_icache_cycles       2647369                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_cycles       4104710                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2814883                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       727760                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2087123                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       990244                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       656664                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       333580                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       276509                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        23074                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2635116                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_num_access      1418780                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_num_load       757103                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       727760                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        29343                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_num_store       660989                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       656664                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4325                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_num_amo          595                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu41.in_task_dcache_num_flush           93                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_cycles           8445091                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_insts             706090                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_icache_cycles       892655                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7552436                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3709071                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       134669                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3574402                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       146911                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       134492                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        12419                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3661040                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        35414                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       889212                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       289712                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       145105                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       134669                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10436                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       134570                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       134492                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           78                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         9759                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu41.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          278                      
system.main_cpu42.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu42.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu42.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu42.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu42.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu42.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu42.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu42.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu42.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu42.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu42.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu42.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu42.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu42.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu42.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu42.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu42.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu42.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu42.numCycles                  15197167                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu42.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu42.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu42.uli_resp_ack_sent               118                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu42.uli_resp_nack_sent            11627                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu42.uli_resp_ack_received           115                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu42.uli_resp_nack_received        10588                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu42.uli_req_sent                  10703                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu42.uli_req_received              11745                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu42.committedInsts              2857978                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu42.committedOps                2858211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu42.num_int_alu_accesses        2237491                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu42.num_fp_alu_accesses         1878016                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu42.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu42.num_func_calls                24955                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu42.num_conditional_control_insts       195135                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu42.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       163156                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu42.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        31979                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu42.num_unconditional_control_insts        24167                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu42.num_int_insts               2237491                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu42.num_fp_insts                1878016                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu42.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu42.num_int_register_reads      3882991                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu42.num_int_register_writes      1245747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu42.num_fp_register_reads       2393088                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu42.num_fp_register_writes      1279488                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu42.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu42.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu42.num_mem_refs                1625513                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu42.num_load_insts               856109                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu42.num_store_insts              769404                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu42.num_idle_cycles            0.999990                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu42.num_busy_cycles        15197166.000010                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu42.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu42.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu42.Branches                     220090                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu42.op_class::No_OpClass         180005      6.30%      6.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::IntAlu             432764     15.14%     21.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::IntMult             10907      0.38%     21.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::IntDiv              10884      0.38%     22.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::FloatMultAcc       597504     20.90%     43.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::FloatDiv             1024      0.04%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::MemRead            186599      6.53%     49.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::MemWrite           159426      5.58%     55.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::FloatMemRead       680960     23.82%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::FloatMemWrite       598528     20.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.op_class::total             2858601                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu42.appl_runtime_cycles         9358946                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu42.appl_num_enqueue                126                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu42.appl_enqueue_cycles            7704                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu42.appl_num_dequeue                  8                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu42.appl_dequeue_cycles             599                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu42.appl_num_steal_successful          115                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu42.appl_steal_successful_cycles        76561                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu42.appl_num_steal_failed         10588                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu42.appl_steal_failed_cycles       823149                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu42.appl_num_execute                123                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu42.appl_num_self_invalidation          157                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu42.appl_num_self_writeback          233                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu42.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu42.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu42.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu42.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu42.in_task_cycles              6273120                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_insts               2122264                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_icache_cycles       2454384                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_cycles       3818735                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2600726                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       678265                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1922461                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       944216                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       615329                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       328887                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       244769                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        29024                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2442825                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_num_access      1326054                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_num_load       705882                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       678265                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        27617                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_num_store       619527                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       615329                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4198                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_num_amo          526                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu42.in_task_dcache_num_flush          119                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_cycles           8924047                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_insts             735714                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_icache_cycles       930822                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7993225                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3917766                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       139071                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3778695                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       147951                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       138348                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         9603                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3893334                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        34174                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       927336                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       299459                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       150227                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       139071                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11156                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       138427                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       138348                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           79                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10534                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu42.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          271                      
system.main_cpu43.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu43.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu43.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu43.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu43.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu43.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu43.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu43.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu43.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu43.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu43.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu43.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu43.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu43.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu43.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu43.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu43.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu43.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu43.numCycles                  15197180                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu43.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu43.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu43.uli_resp_ack_sent               141                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu43.uli_resp_nack_sent            10974                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu43.uli_resp_ack_received           100                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu43.uli_resp_nack_received        10564                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu43.uli_req_sent                  10664                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu43.uli_req_received              11115                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu43.committedInsts              2958020                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu43.committedOps                2958261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu43.num_int_alu_accesses        2321446                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu43.num_fp_alu_accesses         1936192                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu43.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu43.num_func_calls                25874                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu43.num_conditional_control_insts       201724                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu43.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       162783                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu43.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        38941                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu43.num_unconditional_control_insts        24780                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu43.num_int_insts               2321446                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu43.num_fp_insts                1936192                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu43.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu43.num_int_register_reads      4023189                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu43.num_int_register_writes      1295184                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu43.num_fp_register_reads       2455552                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu43.num_fp_register_writes      1321792                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu43.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu43.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu43.num_mem_refs                1671885                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu43.num_load_insts               885101                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu43.num_store_insts              786784                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu43.num_idle_cycles            0.999991                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu43.num_busy_cycles        15197179.000009                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu43.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu43.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu43.Branches                     227598                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu43.op_class::No_OpClass         176646      5.97%      5.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::IntAlu             474012     16.02%     21.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::IntMult             10875      0.37%     22.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::IntDiv              10837      0.37%     22.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::FloatMultAcc       612352     20.70%     43.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::FloatDiv             2048      0.07%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::MemRead            189122      6.39%     49.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::MemWrite           160971      5.44%     55.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::FloatMemRead       707392     23.91%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::FloatMemWrite       614400     20.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.op_class::total             2958655                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu43.appl_runtime_cycles         8541029                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu43.appl_num_enqueue                154                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu43.appl_enqueue_cycles            9355                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu43.appl_num_dequeue                 13                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu43.appl_dequeue_cycles             926                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu43.appl_num_steal_successful          100                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu43.appl_steal_successful_cycles        66293                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu43.appl_num_steal_failed         10564                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu43.appl_steal_failed_cycles       808716                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu43.appl_num_execute                113                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu43.appl_num_self_invalidation          153                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu43.appl_num_self_writeback          241                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu43.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu43.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu43.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu43.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu43.in_task_cycles              6890140                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_insts               2259409                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_icache_cycles       2625728                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_cycles       4264411                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2838469                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       713328                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2125141                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       984187                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       640253                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       343934                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       406917                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        34838                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2607558                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_num_access      1388437                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_num_load       742804                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       713328                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        29476                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_num_store       644616                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       640253                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4363                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_num_amo          875                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu43.in_task_dcache_num_flush          142                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_cycles           8307040                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_insts             698611                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_icache_cycles       885394                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7421646                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3629605                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       131538                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3498067                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       144956                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       130641                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        14315                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3617987                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        29098                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       880705                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       283448                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       142297                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       131538                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10759                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       130755                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       130641                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          114                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10144                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu43.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          252                      
system.main_cpu44.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu44.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu44.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu44.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu44.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu44.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu44.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu44.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu44.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu44.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu44.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu44.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu44.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu44.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu44.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu44.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu44.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu44.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu44.numCycles                  15197051                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu44.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu44.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu44.uli_resp_ack_sent                76                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu44.uli_resp_nack_sent             8869                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu44.uli_resp_ack_received           126                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu44.uli_resp_nack_received        10268                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu44.uli_req_sent                  10394                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu44.uli_req_received               8945                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu44.committedInsts              3045480                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu44.committedOps                3045682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu44.num_int_alu_accesses        2371948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu44.num_fp_alu_accesses         2052512                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu44.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu44.num_func_calls                24547                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu44.num_conditional_control_insts       200953                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu44.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       162670                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu44.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        38283                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu44.num_unconditional_control_insts        23835                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu44.num_int_insts               2371948                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu44.num_fp_insts                2052512                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu44.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu44.num_int_register_reads      4134901                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu44.num_int_register_writes      1312822                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu44.num_fp_register_reads       2605056                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu44.num_fp_register_writes      1400736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu44.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu44.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu44.num_mem_refs                1730069                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu44.num_load_insts               915725                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu44.num_store_insts              814344                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu44.num_idle_cycles            0.999983                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu44.num_busy_cycles        15197050.000017                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu44.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu44.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu44.Branches                     225500                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu44.op_class::No_OpClass         172297      5.66%      5.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::IntAlu             470819     15.46%     21.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::IntMult             10551      0.35%     21.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::IntDiv              10528      0.35%     21.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     21.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::FloatMultAcc       649728     21.33%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::FloatDiv             2048      0.07%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::MemRead            177861      5.84%     49.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::MemWrite           151472      4.97%     54.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::FloatMemRead       748960     24.59%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::FloatMemWrite       651776     21.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.op_class::total             3046040                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu44.appl_runtime_cycles         8579833                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu44.appl_num_enqueue                 87                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu44.appl_enqueue_cycles            7000                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu44.appl_num_dequeue                 11                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu44.appl_dequeue_cycles             773                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu44.appl_num_steal_successful          126                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu44.appl_steal_successful_cycles        80845                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu44.appl_num_steal_failed         10268                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu44.appl_steal_failed_cycles       781867                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu44.appl_num_execute                137                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu44.appl_num_self_invalidation          156                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu44.appl_num_self_writeback          202                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu44.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu44.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu44.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu44.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu44.in_task_cycles              6709860                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_insts               2340839                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_icache_cycles       2715522                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_cycles       3994337                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2742055                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       743020                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1999035                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       991084                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       666582                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       324502                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       243955                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        17243                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2700568                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_num_access      1443798                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_num_load       772315                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       743020                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        29295                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_num_store       670886                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       666582                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4304                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_num_amo          520                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu44.in_task_dcache_num_flush           77                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_cycles           8487191                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_insts             704641                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_icache_cycles       891194                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7595997                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3709804                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       132470                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3577334                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       140542                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       132280                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         8262                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3709327                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        36324                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       887859                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       286271                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       143410                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       132470                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10940                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       132362                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       132280                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           82                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10218                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu44.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          281                      
system.main_cpu45.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu45.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu45.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu45.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu45.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu45.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu45.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu45.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu45.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu45.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu45.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu45.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu45.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu45.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu45.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu45.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu45.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu45.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu45.numCycles                  15197172                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu45.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu45.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu45.uli_resp_ack_sent               124                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu45.uli_resp_nack_sent            11366                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu45.uli_resp_ack_received           110                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu45.uli_resp_nack_received        11147                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu45.uli_req_sent                  11257                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu45.uli_req_received              11490                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu45.committedInsts              2946873                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu45.committedOps                2947107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu45.num_int_alu_accesses        2310265                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu45.num_fp_alu_accesses         1926976                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu45.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu45.num_func_calls                25648                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu45.num_conditional_control_insts       203503                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu45.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       170269                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu45.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        33234                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu45.num_unconditional_control_insts        24913                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu45.num_int_insts               2310265                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu45.num_fp_insts                1926976                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu45.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu45.num_int_register_reads      4004891                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu45.num_int_register_writes      1287748                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu45.num_fp_register_reads       2454528                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu45.num_fp_register_writes      1313088                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu45.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu45.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu45.num_mem_refs                1673038                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu45.num_load_insts               881297                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu45.num_store_insts              791741                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu45.num_idle_cycles            0.999991                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu45.num_busy_cycles        15197171.000009                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu45.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu45.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu45.Branches                     229151                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu45.op_class::No_OpClass         188626      6.40%      6.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::IntAlu             449026     15.23%     21.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::IntMult             11475      0.39%     22.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::IntDiv              11444      0.39%     22.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::FloatMultAcc       612864     20.79%     43.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::FloatDiv             1024      0.03%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::MemRead            194112      6.59%     49.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::MemWrite           165838      5.63%     55.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::FloatMemRead       699200     23.72%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::FloatMemWrite       613888     20.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.op_class::total             2947497                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu45.appl_runtime_cycles         8978157                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu45.appl_num_enqueue                134                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu45.appl_enqueue_cycles            7255                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu45.appl_num_dequeue                 10                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu45.appl_dequeue_cycles             579                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu45.appl_num_steal_successful          110                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu45.appl_steal_successful_cycles        75223                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu45.appl_num_steal_failed         11147                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu45.appl_steal_failed_cycles       869600                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu45.appl_num_execute                120                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu45.appl_num_self_invalidation          156                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu45.appl_num_self_writeback          234                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu45.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu45.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu45.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu45.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu45.in_task_cycles              7299455                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_insts               2234553                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_icache_cycles       2592732                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_cycles       4706722                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      3019327                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       706981                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2312346                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       975041                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       641447                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       333594                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       682413                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        29941                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2578217                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_num_access      1382816                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_num_load       735557                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       706981                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        28576                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_num_store       645652                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       641447                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4205                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_num_amo         1482                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu45.in_task_dcache_num_flush          125                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_cycles           7897717                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_insts             712320                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_icache_cycles       901375                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      6996342                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3401663                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       135068                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3266595                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       144484                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       133998                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        10486                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3420697                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        29498                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       898315                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       290222                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       145740                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       135068                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10672                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       134074                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       133998                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           76                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10143                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu45.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          265                      
system.main_cpu46.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu46.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu46.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu46.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu46.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu46.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu46.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu46.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu46.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu46.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu46.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu46.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu46.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu46.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu46.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu46.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu46.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu46.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu46.numCycles                  15196958                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu46.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu46.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu46.uli_resp_ack_sent               121                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu46.uli_resp_nack_sent            11165                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu46.uli_resp_ack_received           118                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu46.uli_resp_nack_received         9722                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu46.uli_req_sent                   9840                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu46.uli_req_received              11286                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu46.committedInsts              3146735                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu46.committedOps                3146974                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu46.num_int_alu_accesses        2435799                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu46.num_fp_alu_accesses         2166256                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu46.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu46.num_func_calls                24942                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu46.num_conditional_control_insts       195416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu46.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       164546                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu46.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        30870                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu46.num_unconditional_control_insts        23759                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu46.num_int_insts               2435799                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu46.num_fp_insts                2166256                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu46.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu46.num_int_register_reads      4260878                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu46.num_int_register_writes      1334193                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu46.num_fp_register_reads       2758656                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu46.num_fp_register_writes      1476336                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu46.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu46.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu46.num_mem_refs                1823327                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu46.num_load_insts               962649                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu46.num_store_insts              860678                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu46.num_idle_cycles            0.999977                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu46.num_busy_cycles        15196957.000023                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu46.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu46.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu46.Branches                     220358                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu46.op_class::No_OpClass         172269      5.47%      5.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::IntAlu             441810     14.04%     19.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::IntMult             10048      0.32%     19.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::IntDiv              10005      0.32%     20.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     20.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     20.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     20.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     20.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::FloatMultAcc       688896     21.89%     42.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::FloatDiv             1024      0.03%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::MemRead            186854      5.94%     48.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::MemWrite           160137      5.09%     53.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::FloatMemRead       786416     24.99%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::FloatMemWrite       689920     21.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.op_class::total             3147379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu46.appl_runtime_cycles         7855591                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu46.appl_num_enqueue                132                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu46.appl_enqueue_cycles            7604                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu46.appl_num_dequeue                 11                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu46.appl_dequeue_cycles             372                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu46.appl_num_steal_successful          118                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu46.appl_steal_successful_cycles        76049                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu46.appl_num_steal_failed          9721                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu46.appl_steal_failed_cycles       788873                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu46.appl_num_execute                129                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu46.appl_num_self_invalidation          166                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu46.appl_num_self_writeback          239                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu46.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu46.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu46.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu46.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu46.in_task_cycles              7174849                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_insts               2454861                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_icache_cycles       2836317                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_cycles       4338531                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2949684                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       790290                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2159394                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1095426                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       713778                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       381648                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       264770                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        28651                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2821243                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_num_access      1539733                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_num_load       820528                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       790290                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        30238                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_num_store       718493                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       713778                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4715                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_num_amo          591                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu46.in_task_dcache_num_flush          121                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_cycles           8022109                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_insts             691874                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_icache_cycles       875364                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7146745                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3479843                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       131822                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3348021                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       141589                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       131476                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        10113                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3492725                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        32588                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       871323                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       283594                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       142121                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       131822                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10299                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       131564                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       131476                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           88                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         9625                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu46.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          284                      
system.main_cpu47.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu47.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu47.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu47.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu47.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu47.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu47.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu47.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu47.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu47.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu47.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu47.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu47.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu47.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu47.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu47.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu47.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu47.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu47.numCycles                  15197314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu47.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu47.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu47.uli_resp_ack_sent               115                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu47.uli_resp_nack_sent            12016                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu47.uli_resp_ack_received           114                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu47.uli_resp_nack_received        10962                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu47.uli_req_sent                  11077                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu47.uli_req_received              12131                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu47.committedInsts              2925029                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu47.committedOps                2925258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu47.num_int_alu_accesses        2300586                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu47.num_fp_alu_accesses         1886208                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu47.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu47.num_func_calls                24595                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu47.num_conditional_control_insts       211328                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu47.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       181993                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu47.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        29335                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu47.num_unconditional_control_insts        24047                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu47.num_int_insts               2300586                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu47.num_fp_insts                1886208                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu47.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu47.num_int_register_reads      3980248                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu47.num_int_register_writes      1277117                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu47.num_fp_register_reads       2408960                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu47.num_fp_register_writes      1283840                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu47.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu47.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu47.num_mem_refs                1662968                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu47.num_load_insts               872859                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu47.num_store_insts              790109                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu47.num_idle_cycles            1.000000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu47.num_busy_cycles        15197313.000000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu47.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu47.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu47.Branches                     235923                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu47.op_class::No_OpClass         201023      6.87%      6.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::IntAlu             436724     14.93%     21.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::IntMult             11290      0.39%     22.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::IntDiv              11269      0.39%     22.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::FloatMultAcc       601856     20.57%     43.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::FloatDiv              512      0.02%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::MemRead            203185      6.94%     50.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::MemWrite           175943      6.01%     56.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::FloatMemRead       681472     23.29%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::FloatMemWrite       602368     20.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.op_class::total             2925642                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu47.appl_runtime_cycles         8839114                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu47.appl_num_enqueue                126                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu47.appl_enqueue_cycles            8240                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu47.appl_num_dequeue                 11                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu47.appl_dequeue_cycles             619                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu47.appl_num_steal_successful          114                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu47.appl_steal_successful_cycles        71826                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu47.appl_num_steal_failed         10962                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu47.appl_steal_failed_cycles       969753                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu47.appl_num_execute                125                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu47.appl_num_self_invalidation          155                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu47.appl_num_self_writeback          229                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu47.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu47.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu47.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu47.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu47.in_task_cycles              6653671                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_insts               2120333                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_icache_cycles       2450236                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_cycles       4203434                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2855185                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       677387                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2177798                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       963916                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       619144                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       344772                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       358496                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        25837                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2440447                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_num_access      1329882                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_num_load       705637                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       677387                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        28250                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_num_store       623360                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       619144                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4216                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_num_amo          771                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu47.in_task_dcache_num_flush          114                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_cycles           8543643                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_insts             804696                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1016467                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7527176                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3674749                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       156122                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3518627                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       166898                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       154861                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        12037                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3654565                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        30964                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch      1014154                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       333086                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       167222                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       156122                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11100                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       154951                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       154861                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           90                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10643                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu47.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          270                      
system.main_cpu48.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu48.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu48.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu48.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu48.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu48.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu48.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu48.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu48.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu48.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu48.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu48.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu48.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu48.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu48.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu48.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu48.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu48.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu48.numCycles                  15197271                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu48.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu48.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu48.uli_resp_ack_sent               117                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu48.uli_resp_nack_sent            10241                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu48.uli_resp_ack_received           110                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu48.uli_resp_nack_received         8754                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu48.uli_req_sent                   8864                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu48.uli_req_received              10358                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu48.committedInsts              3099160                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu48.committedOps                3099387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu48.num_int_alu_accesses        2419923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu48.num_fp_alu_accesses         2081776                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu48.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu48.num_func_calls                23688                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu48.num_conditional_control_insts       205477                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu48.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       168249                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu48.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        37228                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu48.num_unconditional_control_insts        22283                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu48.num_int_insts               2419923                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu48.num_fp_insts                2081776                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu48.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu48.num_int_register_reads      4212203                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu48.num_int_register_writes      1324411                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu48.num_fp_register_reads       2637056                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu48.num_fp_register_writes      1421936                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu48.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu48.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu48.num_mem_refs                1776054                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu48.num_load_insts               942328                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu48.num_store_insts              833726                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu48.num_idle_cycles            0.999997                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu48.num_busy_cycles        15197270.000003                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu48.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu48.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu48.Branches                     229165                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu48.op_class::No_OpClass         170250      5.49%      5.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::IntAlu             475586     15.34%     20.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::IntMult              9049      0.29%     21.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::IntDiv               8995      0.29%     21.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     21.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::FloatMultAcc       657536     21.21%     42.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::FloatDiv             2304      0.07%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::MemRead            189823      6.12%     48.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::MemWrite           164295      5.30%     54.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::FloatMemRead       762096     24.59%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::FloatMemWrite       659840     21.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.op_class::total             3099774                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu48.appl_runtime_cycles         8021908                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu48.appl_num_enqueue                122                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu48.appl_enqueue_cycles           11217                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu48.appl_num_dequeue                  5                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu48.appl_dequeue_cycles             559                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu48.appl_num_steal_successful          110                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu48.appl_steal_successful_cycles        77752                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu48.appl_num_steal_failed          8754                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu48.appl_steal_failed_cycles       805207                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu48.appl_num_execute                115                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu48.appl_num_self_invalidation          160                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu48.appl_num_self_writeback          227                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu48.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu48.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu48.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu48.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu48.in_task_cycles              7369902                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_insts               2435598                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_icache_cycles       2824261                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_cycles       4545640                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      3108717                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       774466                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2334251                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1061283                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       690124                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       371159                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       348872                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        26768                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2808221                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_num_access      1499164                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_num_load       803610                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       774466                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        29144                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_num_store       694709                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       690124                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4585                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_num_amo          727                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu48.in_task_dcache_num_flush          118                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_cycles           7827369                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_insts             663562                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_icache_cycles       838402                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      6988967                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3460886                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       129732                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3331154                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       140598                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       129324                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        11274                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3353487                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        33996                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       835204                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       276890                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       138718                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       129732                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss         8986                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       129426                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       129324                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          102                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         8477                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu48.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          269                      
system.main_cpu49.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu49.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu49.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu49.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu49.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu49.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu49.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu49.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu49.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu49.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu49.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu49.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu49.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu49.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu49.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu49.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu49.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu49.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu49.numCycles                  15197172                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu49.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu49.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu49.uli_resp_ack_sent                73                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu49.uli_resp_nack_sent            10756                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu49.uli_resp_ack_received           130                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu49.uli_resp_nack_received         9999                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu49.uli_req_sent                  10129                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu49.uli_req_received              10829                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu49.committedInsts              2945933                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu49.committedOps                2946136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu49.num_int_alu_accesses        2313691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu49.num_fp_alu_accesses         1925632                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu49.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu49.num_func_calls                23317                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu49.num_conditional_control_insts       210281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu49.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       172801                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu49.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        37480                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu49.num_unconditional_control_insts        22753                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu49.num_int_insts               2313691                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu49.num_fp_insts                1925632                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu49.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu49.num_int_register_reads      4012157                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu49.num_int_register_writes      1280575                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu49.num_fp_register_reads       2443264                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu49.num_fp_register_writes      1314304                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu49.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu49.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu49.num_mem_refs                1661507                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu49.num_load_insts               878448                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu49.num_store_insts              783059                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu49.num_idle_cycles            0.999991                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu49.num_busy_cycles        15197171.000009                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu49.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu49.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu49.Branches                     233598                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu49.op_class::No_OpClass         183219      6.22%      6.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::IntAlu             469860     15.95%     22.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::IntMult             10300      0.35%     22.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::IntDiv              10281      0.35%     22.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::FloatMultAcc       609280     20.68%     43.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::FloatDiv             2048      0.07%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::MemRead            186289      6.32%     49.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::MemWrite           160914      5.46%     55.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::FloatMemRead       702976     23.86%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::FloatMemWrite       611328     20.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.op_class::total             2946495                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu49.appl_runtime_cycles         8759130                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu49.appl_num_enqueue                 74                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu49.appl_enqueue_cycles            4474                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu49.appl_num_dequeue                  1                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu49.appl_dequeue_cycles              22                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu49.appl_num_steal_successful          130                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu49.appl_steal_successful_cycles        92127                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu49.appl_num_steal_failed          9999                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu49.appl_steal_failed_cycles       857397                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu49.appl_num_execute                131                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu49.appl_num_self_invalidation          156                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu49.appl_num_self_writeback          203                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu49.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu49.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu49.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu49.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu49.in_task_cycles              7304405                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_insts               2250694                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_icache_cycles       2616315                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_cycles       4688089                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      3103639                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       705789                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2397850                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       954215                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       633910                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       320305                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       613006                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        17229                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2604148                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_num_access      1373381                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_num_load       734089                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       705789                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        28300                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_num_store       637965                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       633910                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4055                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_num_amo         1253                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu49.in_task_dcache_num_flush           74                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_cycles           7892767                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_insts             695239                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_icache_cycles       878579                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7014188                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3456278                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       134517                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3321761                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       139174                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       134235                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         4939                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3380871                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        37865                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       875702                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       288126                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       144359                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       134517                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss         9842                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       134277                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       134235                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           42                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         9205                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu49.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          285                      
system.main_cpu50.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu50.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu50.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu50.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu50.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu50.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu50.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu50.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu50.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu50.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu50.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu50.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu50.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu50.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu50.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu50.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu50.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu50.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu50.numCycles                  15197096                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu50.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu50.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu50.uli_resp_ack_sent               121                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu50.uli_resp_nack_sent            10670                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu50.uli_resp_ack_received           118                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu50.uli_resp_nack_received        10037                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu50.uli_req_sent                  10155                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu50.uli_req_received              10791                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu50.committedInsts              2938274                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu50.committedOps                2938513                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu50.num_int_alu_accesses        2283501                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu50.num_fp_alu_accesses         1985808                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu50.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu50.num_func_calls                24140                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu50.num_conditional_control_insts       190330                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu50.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       162612                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu50.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        27718                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu50.num_unconditional_control_insts        23266                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu50.num_int_insts               2283501                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu50.num_fp_insts                1985808                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu50.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu50.num_int_register_reads      3982295                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu50.num_int_register_writes      1258455                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu50.num_fp_register_reads       2534912                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu50.num_fp_register_writes      1351952                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu50.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu50.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu50.num_mem_refs                1694672                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu50.num_load_insts               891718                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu50.num_store_insts              802954                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu50.num_idle_cycles            0.999986                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu50.num_busy_cycles        15197095.000014                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu50.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu50.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu50.Branches                     214470                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu50.op_class::No_OpClass         175799      5.98%      5.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::IntAlu             413927     14.08%     20.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::IntMult             10348      0.35%     20.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::IntDiv              10314      0.35%     20.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     20.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     20.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     20.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     20.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::FloatMultAcc       633344     21.55%     42.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::FloatDiv              512      0.02%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::MemRead            184535      6.28%     48.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::MemWrite           158185      5.38%     54.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::FloatMemRead       718096     24.43%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::FloatMemWrite       633856     21.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.op_class::total             2938916                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu50.appl_runtime_cycles         8611758                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu50.appl_num_enqueue                126                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu50.appl_enqueue_cycles            7847                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu50.appl_num_dequeue                  5                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu50.appl_dequeue_cycles             344                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu50.appl_num_steal_successful          118                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu50.appl_steal_successful_cycles        71204                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu50.appl_num_steal_failed         10037                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu50.appl_steal_failed_cycles       817980                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu50.appl_num_execute                123                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu50.appl_num_self_invalidation          164                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu50.appl_num_self_writeback          239                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu50.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu50.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu50.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu50.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu50.in_task_cycles              6391694                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_insts               2207987                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_icache_cycles       2545445                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_cycles       3846248                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2685361                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       713594                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1971767                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       999858                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       649214                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       350644                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       133529                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        27500                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2534601                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_num_access      1395904                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_num_load       741854                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       713594                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        28260                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_num_store       653639                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       649214                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4425                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_num_amo          289                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu50.in_task_dcache_num_flush          122                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_cycles           8805402                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_insts             730287                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_icache_cycles       923264                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7882138                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3865166                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       139181                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3725985                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       147053                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       138324                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         8729                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3833740                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        36179                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       920442                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       298768                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       149864                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       139181                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10683                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       138402                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       138324                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           78                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10221                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu50.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          281                      
system.main_cpu51.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu51.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu51.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu51.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu51.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu51.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu51.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu51.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu51.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu51.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu51.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu51.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu51.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu51.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu51.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu51.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu51.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu51.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu51.numCycles                  15197267                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu51.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu51.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu51.uli_resp_ack_sent                83                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu51.uli_resp_nack_sent            10846                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu51.uli_resp_ack_received           125                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu51.uli_resp_nack_received        10091                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu51.uli_req_sent                  10216                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu51.uli_req_received              10929                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu51.committedInsts              2952153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu51.committedOps                2952361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu51.num_int_alu_accesses        2304331                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu51.num_fp_alu_accesses         1971104                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu51.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu51.num_func_calls                23408                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu51.num_conditional_control_insts       200117                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu51.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       165688                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu51.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        34429                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu51.num_unconditional_control_insts        22817                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu51.num_int_insts               2304331                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu51.num_fp_insts                1971104                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu51.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu51.num_int_register_reads      4010436                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu51.num_int_register_writes      1273940                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu51.num_fp_register_reads       2506240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu51.num_fp_register_writes      1344160                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu51.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu51.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu51.num_mem_refs                1679176                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu51.num_load_insts               886679                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu51.num_store_insts              792497                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu51.num_idle_cycles            0.999997                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu51.num_busy_cycles        15197266.000003                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu51.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu51.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu51.Branches                     223525                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu51.op_class::No_OpClass         176690      5.98%      5.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::IntAlu             449136     15.21%     21.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::IntMult             10400      0.35%     21.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::IntDiv              10379      0.35%     21.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     21.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::FloatMultAcc       625408     21.18%     43.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::FloatDiv             1536      0.05%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::MemRead            180386      6.11%     49.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::MemWrite           154630      5.24%     54.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::FloatMemRead       717216     24.29%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::FloatMemWrite       626944     21.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.op_class::total             2952725                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu51.appl_runtime_cycles         8666858                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu51.appl_num_enqueue                 91                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu51.appl_enqueue_cycles            5635                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu51.appl_num_dequeue                  8                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu51.appl_dequeue_cycles             577                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu51.appl_num_steal_successful          125                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu51.appl_steal_successful_cycles        90386                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu51.appl_num_steal_failed         10091                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu51.appl_steal_failed_cycles       806766                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu51.appl_num_execute                133                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu51.appl_num_self_invalidation          156                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu51.appl_num_self_writeback          208                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu51.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu51.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu51.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu51.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu51.in_task_cycles              6468911                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_insts               2222555                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_icache_cycles       2573578                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_cycles       3895332                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2713495                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       708688                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2004807                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       967783                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       638756                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       329027                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       192593                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        21461                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2561154                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_num_access      1380174                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_num_load       736737                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       708688                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        28049                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_num_store       642950                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       638756                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4194                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_num_amo          403                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu51.in_task_dcache_num_flush           84                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_cycles           8728356                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_insts             729598                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_icache_cycles       922864                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7805492                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3829856                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       139235                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3690621                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       146565                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       138563                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         8002                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3792806                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        36265                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       919517                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       299002                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       149942                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       139235                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10707                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       138624                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       138563                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           61                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10156                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu51.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          280                      
system.main_cpu52.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu52.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu52.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu52.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu52.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu52.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu52.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu52.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu52.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu52.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu52.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu52.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu52.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu52.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu52.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu52.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu52.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu52.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu52.numCycles                  15197178                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu52.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu52.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu52.uli_resp_ack_sent               145                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu52.uli_resp_nack_sent            10107                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu52.uli_resp_ack_received           108                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu52.uli_resp_nack_received         9406                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu52.uli_req_sent                   9514                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu52.uli_req_received              10252                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu52.committedInsts              3131441                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu52.committedOps                3131694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu52.num_int_alu_accesses        2446686                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu52.num_fp_alu_accesses         2104736                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu52.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu52.num_func_calls                23624                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu52.num_conditional_control_insts       208058                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu52.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       160947                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu52.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        47111                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu52.num_unconditional_control_insts        22578                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu52.num_int_insts               2446686                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu52.num_fp_insts                2104736                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu52.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu52.num_int_register_reads      4259265                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu52.num_int_register_writes      1353081                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu52.num_fp_register_reads       2655744                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu52.num_fp_register_writes      1439904                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu52.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu52.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu52.num_mem_refs                1765501                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu52.num_load_insts               940588                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu52.num_store_insts              824913                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu52.num_idle_cycles            0.999991                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu52.num_busy_cycles        15197177.000009                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu52.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu52.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu52.Branches                     231682                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu52.op_class::No_OpClass         162567      5.19%      5.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::IntAlu             519864     16.60%     21.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::IntMult              9693      0.31%     22.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::IntDiv               9652      0.31%     22.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::FloatMultAcc       661248     21.11%     43.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::FloatDiv             3584      0.11%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::MemRead            175818      5.61%     49.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::MemWrite           149779      4.78%     54.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::FloatMemRead       775072     24.75%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::FloatMemWrite       664832     21.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.op_class::total             3132109                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu52.appl_runtime_cycles         8146809                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu52.appl_num_enqueue                160                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu52.appl_enqueue_cycles           12738                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu52.appl_num_dequeue                 15                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu52.appl_dequeue_cycles            1584                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu52.appl_num_steal_successful          108                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu52.appl_steal_successful_cycles        67181                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu52.appl_num_steal_failed          9406                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu52.appl_steal_failed_cycles       742755                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu52.appl_num_execute                123                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu52.appl_num_self_invalidation          162                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu52.appl_num_self_writeback          253                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu52.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu52.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu52.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu52.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu52.in_task_cycles              7236825                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_insts               2478543                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_icache_cycles       2890574                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_cycles       4346250                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2979017                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       776623                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2202394                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1066856                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       687035                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       379821                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       270014                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        30363                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2868163                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_num_access      1499461                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_num_load       806996                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       776623                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        30373                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_num_store       691723                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       687035                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4688                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_num_amo          596                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu52.in_task_dcache_num_flush          146                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_cycles           7960353                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_insts             652898                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_icache_cycles       827176                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7133177                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3496377                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       123874                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3372503                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       138720                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       122740                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        15980                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3468909                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        29171                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       823066                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       266040                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       133592                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       123874                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss         9718                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       122888                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       122740                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          148                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         9291                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu52.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          269                      
system.main_cpu53.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu53.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu53.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu53.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu53.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu53.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu53.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu53.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu53.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu53.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu53.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu53.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu53.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu53.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu53.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu53.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu53.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu53.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu53.numCycles                  15197287                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu53.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu53.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu53.uli_resp_ack_sent                77                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu53.uli_resp_nack_sent            10762                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu53.uli_resp_ack_received           123                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu53.uli_resp_nack_received        10509                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu53.uli_req_sent                  10632                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu53.uli_req_received              10839                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu53.committedInsts              3004441                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu53.committedOps                3004641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu53.num_int_alu_accesses        2347825                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu53.num_fp_alu_accesses         1995584                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu53.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu53.num_func_calls                24426                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu53.num_conditional_control_insts       205729                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu53.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       170448                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu53.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        35281                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu53.num_unconditional_control_insts        23875                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu53.num_int_insts               2347825                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu53.num_fp_insts                1995584                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu53.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu53.num_int_register_reads      4082811                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu53.num_int_register_writes      1299546                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu53.num_fp_register_reads       2536960                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu53.num_fp_register_writes      1360960                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu53.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu53.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu53.num_mem_refs                1705860                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu53.num_load_insts               900514                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu53.num_store_insts              805346                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu53.num_idle_cycles            0.999998                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu53.num_busy_cycles        15197286.000002                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu53.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu53.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu53.Branches                     230155                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu53.op_class::No_OpClass         183243      6.10%      6.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::IntAlu             459653     15.30%     21.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::IntMult             10819      0.36%     21.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::IntDiv              10795      0.36%     22.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::FloatMultAcc       633088     21.07%     43.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::FloatDiv             1536      0.05%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::MemRead            185496      6.17%     49.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::MemWrite           159404      5.30%     54.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::FloatMemRead       726336     24.17%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::FloatMemWrite       634624     21.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.op_class::total             3004994                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu53.appl_runtime_cycles         8705630                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu53.appl_num_enqueue                 86                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu53.appl_enqueue_cycles            5215                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu53.appl_num_dequeue                  9                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu53.appl_dequeue_cycles             821                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu53.appl_num_steal_successful          123                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu53.appl_steal_successful_cycles        71473                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu53.appl_num_steal_failed         10509                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu53.appl_steal_failed_cycles       862114                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu53.appl_num_execute                132                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu53.appl_num_self_invalidation          153                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu53.appl_num_self_writeback          200                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu53.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu53.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu53.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu53.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu53.in_task_cycles              6697289                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_insts               2260201                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_icache_cycles       2618618                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_cycles       4078670                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2790706                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       719496                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2071210                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       987686                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       648327                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       339359                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       278442                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        21836                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2605671                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_num_access      1400966                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_num_load       747795                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       719496                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        28299                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_num_store       652496                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       648327                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4169                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_num_amo          597                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu53.in_task_dcache_num_flush           78                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_cycles           8499998                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_insts             744240                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_icache_cycles       940779                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7559219                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3688939                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       141675                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3547264                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       149369                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       141475                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         7894                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3686584                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        34327                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       937515                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       304894                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       152719                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       141675                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11044                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       141532                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       141475                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           57                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10368                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu53.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          275                      
system.main_cpu54.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu54.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu54.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu54.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu54.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu54.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu54.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu54.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu54.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu54.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu54.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu54.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu54.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu54.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu54.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu54.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu54.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu54.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu54.numCycles                  15197164                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu54.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu54.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu54.uli_resp_ack_sent                86                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu54.uli_resp_nack_sent            11503                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu54.uli_resp_ack_received           117                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu54.uli_resp_nack_received        10694                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu54.uli_req_sent                  10811                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu54.uli_req_received              11589                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu54.committedInsts              2961024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu54.committedOps                2961227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu54.num_int_alu_accesses        2328692                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu54.num_fp_alu_accesses         1919344                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu54.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu54.num_func_calls                24353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu54.num_conditional_control_insts       213424                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu54.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       177873                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu54.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        35551                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu54.num_unconditional_control_insts        23853                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu54.num_int_insts               2328692                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu54.num_fp_insts                1919344                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu54.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu54.num_int_register_reads      4032087                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu54.num_int_register_writes      1292736                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu54.num_fp_register_reads       2439680                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu54.num_fp_register_writes      1309040                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu54.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu54.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu54.num_mem_refs                1670978                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu54.num_load_insts               881396                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu54.num_store_insts              789582                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu54.num_idle_cycles            0.999990                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu54.num_busy_cycles        15197163.000010                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu54.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu54.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu54.Branches                     237777                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu54.op_class::No_OpClass         192818      6.51%      6.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::IntAlu             465470     15.72%     22.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::IntMult             11015      0.37%     22.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::IntDiv              10994      0.37%     22.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::FloatMultAcc       608768     20.56%     43.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::FloatDiv             1536      0.05%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::MemRead            194166      6.56%     50.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::MemWrite           167772      5.66%     55.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::FloatMemRead       698736     23.59%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::FloatMemWrite       610304     20.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.op_class::total             2961579                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu54.appl_runtime_cycles         8817979                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu54.appl_num_enqueue                 96                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu54.appl_enqueue_cycles            6370                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu54.appl_num_dequeue                 10                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu54.appl_dequeue_cycles             959                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu54.appl_num_steal_successful          117                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu54.appl_steal_successful_cycles        75064                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu54.appl_num_steal_failed         10694                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu54.appl_steal_failed_cycles       922146                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu54.appl_num_execute                127                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu54.appl_num_self_invalidation          149                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu54.appl_num_self_writeback          203                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu54.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu54.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu54.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu54.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu54.in_task_cycles              7125463                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_insts               2216754                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_icache_cycles       2575258                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_cycles       4550204                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      3016587                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       699602                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2316985                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       971430                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       631086                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       340344                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       538853                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        23334                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2560783                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_num_access      1363665                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_num_load       727324                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       699602                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        27722                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_num_store       635103                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       631086                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4017                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_num_amo         1152                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu54.in_task_dcache_num_flush           86                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_cycles           8071701                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_insts             744270                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_icache_cycles       941779                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7129922                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3478735                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       143379                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3335356                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       153264                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       142908                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        10356                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3465087                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        32836                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       937623                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       307313                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       154072                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       143379                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10693                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       142973                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       142908                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           65                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10002                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu54.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          266                      
system.main_cpu55.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu55.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu55.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu55.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu55.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu55.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu55.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu55.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu55.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu55.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu55.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu55.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu55.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu55.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu55.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu55.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu55.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu55.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu55.numCycles                  15197095                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu55.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu55.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu55.uli_resp_ack_sent                72                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu55.uli_resp_nack_sent            10614                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu55.uli_resp_ack_received           120                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu55.uli_resp_nack_received        10331                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu55.uli_req_sent                  10451                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu55.uli_req_received              10686                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu55.committedInsts              2890115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu55.committedOps                2890307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu55.num_int_alu_accesses        2275178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu55.num_fp_alu_accesses         1862976                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu55.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu55.num_func_calls                23838                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu55.num_conditional_control_insts       211264                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu55.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       179986                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu55.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        31278                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu55.num_unconditional_control_insts        23306                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu55.num_int_insts               2275178                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu55.num_fp_insts                1862976                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu55.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu55.num_int_register_reads      3936399                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu55.num_int_register_writes      1258420                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu55.num_fp_register_reads       2372608                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu55.num_fp_register_writes      1269568                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu55.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu55.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu55.num_mem_refs                1638555                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu55.num_load_insts               862320                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu55.num_store_insts              776235                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu55.num_idle_cycles            0.999986                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu55.num_busy_cycles        15197094.000014                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu55.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu55.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu55.Branches                     235102                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu55.op_class::No_OpClass         195400      6.76%      6.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::IntAlu             442050     15.29%     22.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::IntMult             10625      0.37%     22.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::IntDiv              10607      0.37%     22.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::FloatMultAcc       592384     20.49%     43.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::FloatDiv             1024      0.04%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::MemRead            197268      6.82%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::MemWrite           171719      5.94%     56.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::FloatMemRead       676160     23.39%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::FloatMemWrite       593408     20.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.op_class::total             2890645                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu55.appl_runtime_cycles         9256282                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu55.appl_num_enqueue                 78                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu55.appl_enqueue_cycles            5750                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu55.appl_num_dequeue                  6                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu55.appl_dequeue_cycles             740                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu55.appl_num_steal_successful          120                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu55.appl_steal_successful_cycles        82554                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu55.appl_num_steal_failed         10331                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu55.appl_steal_failed_cycles       944068                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu55.appl_num_execute                126                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu55.appl_num_self_invalidation          146                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu55.appl_num_self_writeback          192                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu55.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu55.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu55.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu55.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu55.in_task_cycles              6394543                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_insts               2095117                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_icache_cycles       2424718                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_cycles       3969824                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2765704                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       669956                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2095748                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       942509                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       606417                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       336092                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       244986                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        16625                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2412594                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_num_access      1307255                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_num_load       696372                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       669956                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        26416                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_num_store       610286                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       606417                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         3869                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_num_amo          524                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu55.in_task_dcache_num_flush           73                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_cycles           8802552                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_insts             794998                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1004159                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7798393                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3830156                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       155056                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3675100                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       163273                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       154784                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         8489                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3770145                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        34819                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch      1000861                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       331300                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       165948                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       155056                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10892                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       154841                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       154784                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           57                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10246                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu55.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          265                      
system.main_cpu56.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu56.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu56.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu56.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu56.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu56.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu56.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu56.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu56.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu56.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu56.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu56.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu56.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu56.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu56.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu56.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu56.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu56.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu56.numCycles                  15197202                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu56.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu56.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu56.uli_resp_ack_sent                79                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu56.uli_resp_nack_sent            10875                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu56.uli_resp_ack_received           107                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu56.uli_resp_nack_received        10134                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu56.uli_req_sent                  10241                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu56.uli_req_received              10954                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu56.committedInsts              2789193                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu56.committedOps                2789379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu56.num_int_alu_accesses        2211347                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu56.num_fp_alu_accesses         1747776                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu56.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu56.num_func_calls                23776                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu56.num_conditional_control_insts       214028                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu56.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       183338                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu56.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        30690                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu56.num_unconditional_control_insts        23142                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu56.num_int_insts               2211347                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu56.num_fp_insts                1747776                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu56.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu56.num_int_register_reads      3807645                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu56.num_int_register_writes      1225505                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu56.num_fp_register_reads       2225152                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu56.num_fp_register_writes      1191232                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu56.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu56.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu56.num_mem_refs                1573838                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu56.num_load_insts               827701                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu56.num_store_insts              746137                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu56.num_idle_cycles            0.999993                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu56.num_busy_cycles        15197201.000007                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu56.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu56.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu56.Branches                     237804                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu56.op_class::No_OpClass         200220      7.18%      7.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::IntAlu             438273     15.71%     22.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::IntMult             10425      0.37%     23.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::IntDiv              10402      0.37%     23.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     23.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::FloatMultAcc       555520     19.91%     43.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::FloatDiv             1024      0.04%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::MemRead            203869      7.31%     50.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::MemWrite           178737      6.41%     57.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::FloatMemRead       634688     22.75%     80.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::FloatMemWrite       556544     19.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.op_class::total             2789702                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu56.appl_runtime_cycles         8912900                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu56.appl_num_enqueue                 86                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu56.appl_enqueue_cycles            6140                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu56.appl_num_dequeue                  7                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu56.appl_dequeue_cycles             469                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu56.appl_num_steal_successful          107                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu56.appl_steal_successful_cycles        67962                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu56.appl_num_steal_failed         10134                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu56.appl_steal_failed_cycles       998621                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu56.appl_num_execute                114                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu56.appl_num_self_invalidation          137                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu56.appl_num_self_writeback          186                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu56.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu56.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu56.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu56.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu56.in_task_cycles              7226564                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_insts               2061474                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_icache_cycles       2395561                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_cycles       4831002                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      3146098                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       648594                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2497504                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       921461                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       587998                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       333463                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       740516                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        22927                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2382847                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_num_access      1267825                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_num_load       674456                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       648594                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        25862                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_num_store       591692                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       587998                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         3694                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_num_amo         1597                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu56.in_task_dcache_num_flush           80                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_cycles           7970638                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_insts             727719                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_icache_cycles       919355                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7051283                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3494194                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       143702                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3350492                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       153625                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       143497                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        10128                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3370603                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        32861                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       915674                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       306013                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       153245                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       143702                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss         9543                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       143589                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       143497                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           92                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         8936                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu56.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          243                      
system.main_cpu57.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu57.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu57.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu57.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu57.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu57.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu57.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu57.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu57.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu57.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu57.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu57.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu57.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu57.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu57.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu57.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu57.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu57.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu57.numCycles                  15197130                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu57.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu57.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu57.uli_resp_ack_sent               122                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu57.uli_resp_nack_sent            10170                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu57.uli_resp_ack_received            99                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu57.uli_resp_nack_received        10179                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu57.uli_req_sent                  10278                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu57.uli_req_received              10292                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu57.committedInsts              2749984                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu57.committedOps                2750205                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu57.num_int_alu_accesses        2163481                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu57.num_fp_alu_accesses         1766400                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu57.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu57.num_func_calls                24101                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu57.num_conditional_control_insts       198475                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu57.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       174298                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu57.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        24177                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu57.num_unconditional_control_insts        23375                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu57.num_int_insts               2163481                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu57.num_fp_insts                1766400                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu57.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu57.num_int_register_reads      3741321                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu57.num_int_register_writes      1197722                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu57.num_fp_register_reads       2260992                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu57.num_fp_register_writes      1201152                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu57.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu57.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu57.num_mem_refs                1573678                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu57.num_load_insts               823881                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu57.num_store_insts              749797                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu57.num_idle_cycles            0.999988                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu57.num_busy_cycles        15197129.000012                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu57.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu57.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu57.Branches                     222576                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu57.op_class::No_OpClass         193626      7.04%      7.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::IntAlu             397138     14.44%     21.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::IntMult             10452      0.38%     21.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::IntDiv              10429      0.38%     22.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::FloatMultAcc       565248     20.55%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::FloatDiv                0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     42.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::MemRead            198951      7.23%     50.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::MemWrite           173575      6.31%     56.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::FloatMemRead       635904     23.12%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::FloatMemWrite       565248     20.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.op_class::total             2750571                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu57.appl_runtime_cycles         9161080                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu57.appl_num_enqueue                138                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu57.appl_enqueue_cycles            7907                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu57.appl_num_dequeue                 16                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu57.appl_dequeue_cycles             936                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu57.appl_num_steal_successful           99                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu57.appl_steal_successful_cycles        67443                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu57.appl_num_steal_failed         10179                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu57.appl_steal_failed_cycles       946497                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu57.appl_num_execute                115                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu57.appl_num_self_invalidation          145                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu57.appl_num_self_writeback          221                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu57.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu57.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu57.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu57.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu57.in_task_cycles              6426999                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_insts               1980078                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_icache_cycles       2286656                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_cycles       4140342                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2810284                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       636516                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2173768                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       946975                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       584883                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       362092                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       353318                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        29765                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2274849                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_num_access      1252858                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_num_load       663102                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       636516                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        26586                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_num_store       588910                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       584883                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4027                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_num_amo          725                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu57.in_task_dcache_num_flush          121                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_cycles           8770131                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_insts             769906                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_icache_cycles       973484                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7796647                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3844147                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       150246                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3693901                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       163977                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       149802                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        14175                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3758043                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        30480                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       969203                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       320820                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       160779                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       150246                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10533                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       149913                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       149802                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss          111                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         9883                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu57.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          245                      
system.main_cpu58.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu58.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu58.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu58.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu58.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu58.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu58.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu58.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu58.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu58.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu58.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu58.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu58.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu58.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu58.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu58.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu58.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu58.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu58.numCycles                  15197314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu58.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu58.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu58.uli_resp_ack_sent               100                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu58.uli_resp_nack_sent            11147                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu58.uli_resp_ack_received           106                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu58.uli_resp_nack_received         9789                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu58.uli_req_sent                   9896                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu58.uli_req_received              11247                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu58.committedInsts              2904531                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu58.committedOps                2904737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu58.num_int_alu_accesses        2277977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu58.num_fp_alu_accesses         1905424                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu58.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu58.num_func_calls                23886                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu58.num_conditional_control_insts       202645                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu58.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       168868                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu58.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        33777                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu58.num_unconditional_control_insts        23052                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu58.num_int_insts               2277977                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu58.num_fp_insts                1905424                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu58.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu58.num_int_register_reads      3951556                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu58.num_int_register_writes      1258763                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu58.num_fp_register_reads       2421248                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu58.num_fp_register_writes      1299728                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu58.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu58.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu58.num_mem_refs                1650960                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu58.num_load_insts               871713                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu58.num_store_insts              779247                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu58.num_idle_cycles            1.000000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu58.num_busy_cycles        15197313.000000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu58.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu58.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu58.Branches                     226531                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu58.op_class::No_OpClass         180344      6.21%      6.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::IntAlu             447936     15.42%     21.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::IntMult             10092      0.35%     21.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::IntDiv              10060      0.35%     22.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::FloatMultAcc       604160     20.80%     43.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::FloatDiv             1536      0.05%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::MemRead            188249      6.48%     49.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::MemWrite           162983      5.61%     55.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::FloatMemRead       694032     23.89%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::FloatMemWrite       605696     20.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.op_class::total             2905088                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu58.appl_runtime_cycles         8750231                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu58.appl_num_enqueue                112                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu58.appl_enqueue_cycles            7100                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu58.appl_num_dequeue                 12                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu58.appl_dequeue_cycles             879                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu58.appl_num_steal_successful          106                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu58.appl_steal_successful_cycles        65138                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu58.appl_num_steal_failed          9789                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu58.appl_steal_failed_cycles       867290                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu58.appl_num_execute                118                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu58.appl_num_self_invalidation          145                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu58.appl_num_self_writeback          206                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu58.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu58.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu58.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu58.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu58.in_task_cycles              6833025                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_insts               2192437                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_icache_cycles       2542327                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_cycles       4290697                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2914764                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       696919                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2217845                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       979587                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       627218                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       352369                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       371956                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        24390                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2527904                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_num_access      1356319                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_num_load       724137                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       696919                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        27218                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_num_store       631309                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       627218                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4091                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_num_amo          772                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu58.in_task_dcache_num_flush          101                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_cycles           8364289                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_insts             712094                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_icache_cycles       900490                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7463799                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3673024                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       137500                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3535524                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       146502                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       137296                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         9206                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3612263                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        32010                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       896516                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       294641                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       147576                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       137500                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10076                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       137370                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       137296                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           74                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         9445                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu58.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          250                      
system.main_cpu59.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu59.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu59.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu59.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu59.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu59.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu59.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu59.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu59.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu59.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu59.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu59.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu59.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu59.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu59.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu59.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu59.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu59.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu59.numCycles                  15197123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu59.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu59.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu59.uli_resp_ack_sent                84                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu59.uli_resp_nack_sent            11106                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu59.uli_resp_ack_received           123                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu59.uli_resp_nack_received         9506                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu59.uli_req_sent                   9629                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu59.uli_req_received              11190                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu59.committedInsts              3055917                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu59.committedOps                3056124                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu59.num_int_alu_accesses        2393137                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu59.num_fp_alu_accesses         2028720                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu59.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu59.num_func_calls                23171                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu59.num_conditional_control_insts       211399                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu59.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       171218                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu59.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        40181                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu59.num_unconditional_control_insts        22369                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu59.num_int_insts               2393137                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu59.num_fp_insts                2028720                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu59.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu59.num_int_register_reads      4158949                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu59.num_int_register_writes      1318004                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu59.num_fp_register_reads       2567680                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu59.num_fp_register_writes      1386160                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu59.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu59.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu59.num_mem_refs                1729927                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu59.num_load_insts               917754                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu59.num_store_insts              812173                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu59.num_idle_cycles            0.999987                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu59.num_busy_cycles        15197122.000013                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu59.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu59.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu59.Branches                     234570                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu59.op_class::No_OpClass         176461      5.77%      5.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::IntAlu             487924     15.96%     21.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::IntMult              9823      0.32%     22.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::IntDiv               9791      0.32%     22.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::FloatMultAcc       640000     20.94%     43.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::FloatDiv             2560      0.08%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::MemRead            184470      6.04%     49.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::MemWrite           159297      5.21%     54.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::FloatMemRead       743600     24.33%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::FloatMemWrite       642560     21.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.op_class::total             3056486                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu59.appl_runtime_cycles         7686659                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu59.appl_num_enqueue                 88                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu59.appl_enqueue_cycles            5585                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu59.appl_num_dequeue                  4                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu59.appl_dequeue_cycles             194                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu59.appl_num_steal_successful          123                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu59.appl_steal_successful_cycles        88969                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu59.appl_num_steal_failed          9506                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu59.appl_steal_failed_cycles       825225                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu59.appl_num_execute                127                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu59.appl_num_self_invalidation          155                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu59.appl_num_self_writeback          207                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu59.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu59.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu59.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu59.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu59.in_task_cycles              7293089                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_insts               2363416                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_icache_cycles       2746406                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_cycles       4546682                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      3108952                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       744336                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2364616                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1015913                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       663695                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       352218                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       402102                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        19715                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2731456                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_num_access      1442697                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_num_load       773834                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       744336                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        29498                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_num_store       667943                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       663695                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4248                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_num_amo          835                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu59.in_task_dcache_num_flush           85                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_cycles           7904034                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_insts             692501                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_icache_cycles       875275                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7028759                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3449074                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       134342                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3314732                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       139886                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       133857                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         6029                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3403528                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        36271                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       872063                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       287230                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       143920                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       134342                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss         9578                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       133914                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       133857                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           57                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         9119                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu59.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          277                      
system.main_cpu60.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu60.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu60.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu60.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu60.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu60.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu60.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu60.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu60.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu60.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu60.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu60.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu60.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu60.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu60.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu60.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu60.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu60.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu60.numCycles                  15197285                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu60.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu60.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu60.uli_resp_ack_sent               104                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu60.uli_resp_nack_sent            11380                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu60.uli_resp_ack_received           118                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu60.uli_resp_nack_received         9683                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu60.uli_req_sent                   9801                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu60.uli_req_received              11484                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu60.committedInsts              3032461                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu60.committedOps                3032683                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu60.num_int_alu_accesses        2375067                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu60.num_fp_alu_accesses         2008896                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu60.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu60.num_func_calls                23416                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu60.num_conditional_control_insts       209324                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu60.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       170460                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu60.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        38864                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu60.num_unconditional_control_insts        22589                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu60.num_int_insts               2375067                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu60.num_fp_insts                2008896                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu60.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu60.num_int_register_reads      4125986                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu60.num_int_register_writes      1310696                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu60.num_fp_register_reads       2545920                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu60.num_fp_register_writes      1371840                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu60.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu60.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu60.num_mem_refs                1718194                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu60.num_load_insts               910294                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu60.num_store_insts              807900                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu60.num_idle_cycles            0.999998                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu60.num_busy_cycles        15197284.000002                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu60.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu60.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu60.Branches                     232740                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu60.op_class::No_OpClass         177521      5.85%      5.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::IntAlu             480322     15.84%     21.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::IntMult             10001      0.33%     22.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::IntDiv               9969      0.33%     22.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::FloatMultAcc       634752     20.93%     43.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::FloatDiv             2304      0.08%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::MemRead            186030      6.13%     49.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::MemWrite           160324      5.29%     54.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::FloatMemRead       734784     24.23%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::FloatMemWrite       637056     21.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.op_class::total             3033063                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu60.appl_runtime_cycles         8045982                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu60.appl_num_enqueue                112                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu60.appl_enqueue_cycles            8112                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu60.appl_num_dequeue                  8                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu60.appl_dequeue_cycles             615                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu60.appl_num_steal_successful          118                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu60.appl_steal_successful_cycles        77989                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu60.appl_num_steal_failed          9683                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu60.appl_steal_failed_cycles       836620                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu60.appl_num_execute                126                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu60.appl_num_self_invalidation          158                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu60.appl_num_self_writeback          222                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu60.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu60.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu60.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu60.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu60.in_task_cycles              6616371                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_insts               2294030                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_icache_cycles       2661740                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_cycles       3954630                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2803723                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       729058                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2074665                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1015507                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       651234                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       364273                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       111451                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        23949                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2645839                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_num_access      1413287                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_num_load       757387                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       729058                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        28329                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_num_store       655555                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       651234                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4321                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_num_amo          240                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu60.in_task_dcache_num_flush          105                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_cycles           8580914                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_insts             738431                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_icache_cycles       933771                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7647143                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3755718                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       142413                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3613305                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       152499                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       141726                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        10773                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3704902                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        34024                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       930289                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       304907                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       152907                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       142413                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10494                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       141825                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       141726                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           99                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         9900                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu60.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          275                      
system.main_cpu61.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu61.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu61.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu61.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu61.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu61.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu61.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu61.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu61.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu61.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu61.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu61.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu61.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu61.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu61.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu61.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu61.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu61.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu61.numCycles                  15197128                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu61.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu61.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu61.uli_resp_ack_sent               130                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu61.uli_resp_nack_sent            11599                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu61.uli_resp_ack_received           114                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu61.uli_resp_nack_received         9976                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu61.uli_req_sent                  10090                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu61.uli_req_received              11729                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu61.committedInsts              2996497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu61.committedOps                2996741                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu61.num_int_alu_accesses        2356083                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu61.num_fp_alu_accesses         1950672                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu61.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu61.num_func_calls                24524                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu61.num_conditional_control_insts       211967                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu61.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       174230                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu61.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        37737                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu61.num_unconditional_control_insts        23583                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu61.num_int_insts               2356083                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu61.num_fp_insts                1950672                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu61.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu61.num_int_register_reads      4080989                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu61.num_int_register_writes      1304811                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu61.num_fp_register_reads       2475008                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu61.num_fp_register_writes      1331408                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu61.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu61.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu61.num_mem_refs                1694971                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu61.num_load_insts               896265                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu61.num_store_insts              798706                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu61.num_idle_cycles            0.999988                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu61.num_busy_cycles        15197127.000012                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu61.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu61.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu61.Branches                     236491                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu61.op_class::No_OpClass         184965      6.17%      6.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::IntAlu             477407     15.93%     22.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::IntMult             10284      0.34%     22.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::IntDiv              10255      0.34%     22.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     22.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::FloatMultAcc       617216     20.59%     43.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::FloatDiv             2048      0.07%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::MemRead            194982      6.51%     49.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::MemWrite           168581      5.62%     55.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::FloatMemRead       712144     23.76%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::FloatMemWrite       619264     20.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.op_class::total             2997146                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu61.appl_runtime_cycles         8759416                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu61.appl_num_enqueue                139                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu61.appl_enqueue_cycles            7313                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu61.appl_num_dequeue                  9                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu61.appl_dequeue_cycles             780                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu61.appl_num_steal_successful          114                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu61.appl_steal_successful_cycles        70453                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu61.appl_num_steal_failed          9976                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu61.appl_steal_failed_cycles       883008                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu61.appl_num_execute                123                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu61.appl_num_self_invalidation          161                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu61.appl_num_self_writeback          244                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu61.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu61.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu61.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu61.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu61.in_task_cycles              6820815                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_insts               2250146                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_icache_cycles       2612905                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_cycles       4207909                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2912267                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       713360                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2198907                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_store_cycles      1011821                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       639653                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       372168                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       255016                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        28805                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2596205                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_num_access      1386010                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_num_load       741376                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       713360                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        28016                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_num_store       643954                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       639653                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         4301                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_num_amo          550                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu61.in_task_dcache_num_flush          130                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_cycles           8376313                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_insts             746351                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_icache_cycles       943764                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7432549                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3638847                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       144428                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3494419                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       155069                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       143806                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles        11263                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3605034                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        33599                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch       939859                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       308961                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       154889                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       144428                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10461                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       143891                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       143806                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           85                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo         9906                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu61.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          275                      
system.main_cpu62.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu62.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu62.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu62.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu62.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu62.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu62.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu62.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu62.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu62.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu62.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu62.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu62.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu62.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu62.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu62.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu62.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu62.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu62.numCycles                  15197270                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu62.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu62.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu62.uli_resp_ack_sent                65                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu62.uli_resp_nack_sent            12274                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu62.uli_resp_ack_received           118                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu62.uli_resp_nack_received        10642                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu62.uli_req_sent                  10760                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu62.uli_req_received              12339                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu62.committedInsts              2865733                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu62.committedOps                2865916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu62.num_int_alu_accesses        2269397                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu62.num_fp_alu_accesses         1805824                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu62.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu62.num_func_calls                24091                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu62.num_conditional_control_insts       219187                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu62.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       184067                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu62.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        35120                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu62.num_unconditional_control_insts        23708                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu62.num_int_insts               2269397                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu62.num_fp_insts                1805824                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu62.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu62.num_int_register_reads      3912281                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu62.num_int_register_writes      1262205                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu62.num_fp_register_reads       2295296                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu62.num_fp_register_writes      1231616                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu62.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu62.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu62.num_mem_refs                1605521                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu62.num_load_insts               845738                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu62.num_store_insts              759783                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu62.num_idle_cycles            0.999997                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu62.num_busy_cycles        15197269.000003                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu62.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu62.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu62.Branches                     243278                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu62.op_class::No_OpClass         200942      7.01%      7.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::IntAlu             463637     16.18%     23.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::IntMult             10974      0.38%     23.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::IntDiv              10959      0.38%     23.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     23.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::FloatMultAcc       572672     19.98%     43.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::FloatDiv             1536      0.05%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     43.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::MemRead            199723      6.97%     50.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::MemWrite           174182      6.08%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::FloatMemRead       657408     22.94%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::FloatMemWrite       574208     20.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.op_class::total             2866241                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu62.appl_runtime_cycles         8200434                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu62.appl_num_enqueue                 72                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu62.appl_enqueue_cycles            4626                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu62.appl_num_dequeue                  7                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu62.appl_dequeue_cycles             316                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu62.appl_num_steal_successful          118                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu62.appl_steal_successful_cycles        76512                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu62.appl_num_steal_failed         10642                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu62.appl_steal_failed_cycles       983128                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu62.appl_num_execute                125                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu62.appl_num_self_invalidation          142                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu62.appl_num_self_writeback          183                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu62.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu62.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu62.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu62.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu62.in_task_cycles              6588981                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_insts               2068992                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_icache_cycles       2401743                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_cycles       4187237                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2851010                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       653360                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      2197650                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       923811                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       589337                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       334474                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles       397163                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        15253                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2390043                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_num_access      1273558                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_num_load       679530                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       653360                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        26170                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_num_store       593126                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       589337                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         3789                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_num_amo          838                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu62.in_task_dcache_num_flush           64                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_cycles           8608289                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_insts             796741                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1005963                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      7602326                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      3718909                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       155318                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3563591                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       162535                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       155217                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         7318                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3687683                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        33199                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch      1002937                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       331963                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       166208                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       155318                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        10890                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       155264                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       155217                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           47                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10230                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu62.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          261                      
system.main_cpu63.dtb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu63.dtb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu63.dtb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu63.dtb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu63.dtb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu63.dtb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu63.dtb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu63.dtb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu63.dtb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu63.itb.read_hits                     0                       # DTB read hits
system.main_cpu63.itb.read_misses                   0                       # DTB read misses
system.main_cpu63.itb.read_accesses                 0                       # DTB read accesses
system.main_cpu63.itb.write_hits                    0                       # DTB write hits
system.main_cpu63.itb.write_misses                  0                       # DTB write misses
system.main_cpu63.itb.write_accesses                0                       # DTB write accesses
system.main_cpu63.itb.hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.main_cpu63.itb.misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.main_cpu63.itb.accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.main_cpu63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.main_cpu63.numCycles                  15197164                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.main_cpu63.numWorkItemsStarted               0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.main_cpu63.numWorkItemsCompleted             0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.main_cpu63.uli_resp_ack_sent                61                       # number of uli ack response sent
system.main_cpu63.uli_resp_nack_sent             8832                       # number of uli nack response sent
system.main_cpu63.uli_resp_ack_received           110                       # number of uli ack response received
system.main_cpu63.uli_resp_nack_received        10226                       # number of uli nack response received
system.main_cpu63.uli_req_sent                  10336                       # number of uli request sent
system.main_cpu63.uli_req_received               8893                       # number of uli request received
system.main_cpu63.committedInsts              2852171                       # Number of instructions committed
system.main_cpu63.committedOps                2852342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.main_cpu63.num_int_alu_accesses        2265043                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.main_cpu63.num_fp_alu_accesses         1784272                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.main_cpu63.num_vec_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.main_cpu63.num_func_calls                22753                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.main_cpu63.num_conditional_control_insts       224395                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.main_cpu63.num_conditional_control_insts_taken       186766                       # number of instructions that are taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu63.num_conditional_control_insts_not_taken        37629                       # number of instructions that are not-taken conditional controls
system.main_cpu63.num_unconditional_control_insts        22517                       # number of instructions that are unconditional controls
system.main_cpu63.num_int_insts               2265043                       # number of integer instructions
system.main_cpu63.num_fp_insts                1784272                       # number of float instructions
system.main_cpu63.num_vec_insts                     0                       # number of vector instructions
system.main_cpu63.num_int_register_reads      3899651                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.main_cpu63.num_int_register_writes      1257107                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.main_cpu63.num_fp_register_reads       2262016                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.main_cpu63.num_fp_register_writes      1218256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.main_cpu63.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.main_cpu63.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.main_cpu63.num_mem_refs                1588735                       # number of memory refs
system.main_cpu63.num_load_insts               838600                       # Number of load instructions
system.main_cpu63.num_store_insts              750135                       # Number of store instructions
system.main_cpu63.num_idle_cycles            0.999990                       # Number of idle cycles
system.main_cpu63.num_busy_cycles        15197163.000010                       # Number of busy cycles
system.main_cpu63.not_idle_fraction          1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.main_cpu63.idle_fraction              0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.main_cpu63.Branches                     247148                       # Number of branches fetched
system.main_cpu63.op_class::No_OpClass         200635      7.03%      7.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::IntAlu             476318     16.70%     23.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::IntMult             10479      0.37%     24.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::IntDiv              10463      0.37%     24.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::FloatAdd                0      0.00%     24.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::FloatCmp                0      0.00%     24.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::FloatCvt                0      0.00%     24.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::FloatMult               0      0.00%     24.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::FloatMultAcc       563968     19.77%     44.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::FloatDiv             2048      0.07%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::FloatMisc               0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::FloatSqrt               0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdAdd                 0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdAddAcc              0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdAlu                 0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdCmp                 0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdCvt                 0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdMisc                0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdMult                0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdMultAcc             0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdShift               0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdSqrt                0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdAes                 0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdAesMix              0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     44.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::MemRead            197281      6.92%     51.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::MemWrite           173198      6.07%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::FloatMemRead       652240     22.86%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::FloatMemWrite       566016     19.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::IprAccess               0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::Accelerator             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.op_class::total             2852646                       # Class of executed instruction
system.main_cpu63.appl_runtime_cycles         8126449                       # number of cycles spent in appl runtime
system.main_cpu63.appl_num_enqueue                 72                       # number of appl enqueue
system.main_cpu63.appl_enqueue_cycles            5797                       # number of cycles spent in appl enqueue
system.main_cpu63.appl_num_dequeue                 11                       # number of appl dequeue
system.main_cpu63.appl_dequeue_cycles             929                       # number of cycles spent in appl dequeue
system.main_cpu63.appl_num_steal_successful          110                       # number of successful steals
system.main_cpu63.appl_steal_successful_cycles        76704                       # cycles of successful steals
system.main_cpu63.appl_num_steal_failed         10226                       # number of failed steals
system.main_cpu63.appl_steal_failed_cycles       997199                       # cycles of failed steals
system.main_cpu63.appl_num_execute                121                       # number of appl execute
system.main_cpu63.appl_num_self_invalidation          133                       # number of self invalidation
system.main_cpu63.appl_num_self_writeback          171                       # number of self writeback
system.main_cpu63.num_active_message_ack            0                       # number of active messages ACK received
system.main_cpu63.active_message_ack_latency            0                       # active messages ACK latency
system.main_cpu63.num_active_message_nack            0                       # number of active messages NACK received
system.main_cpu63.active_message_nack_latency            0                       # active messages NACK latency
system.main_cpu63.in_task_cycles              5899488                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_insts               2007417                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_icache_cycles       2330286                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_cycles       3569201                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_load_cycles      2591215                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_load_hit_cycles       635992                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_load_miss_cycles      1955223                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_store_cycles       908407                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_store_hit_cycles       569421                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_store_miss_cycles       338986                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_amo_cycles        52705                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_flush_cycles        16874                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_icache_num_ifetch      2317690                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_num_access      1234453                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_num_load       661213                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_num_load_hit       635992                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_num_load_miss        25221                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_num_store       573061                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_num_store_hit       569421                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_num_store_miss         3640                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_num_amo          117                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_num_ll             0                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_num_sc             0                      
system.main_cpu63.in_task_dcache_num_flush           62                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_cycles           9297676                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_insts             844754                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_icache_cycles      1065895                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_cycles      8231781                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_load_cycles      4044219                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_load_hit_cycles       166306                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_load_miss_cycles      3877913                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_store_cycles       174965                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_store_hit_cycles       166099                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_store_miss_cycles         8866                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_amo_cycles      3982421                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_ll_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_sc_cycles            0                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_flush_cycles        30176                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_icache_num_ifetch      1063341                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_num_access       354282                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_num_load       177387                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_hit       166306                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_num_load_miss        11081                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_num_store       166153                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_hit       166099                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_num_store_miss           54                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_num_amo        10500                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_num_ll            0                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_num_sc            0                      
system.main_cpu63.in_runtime_dcache_num_flush          242                      
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                9322936                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 36.749678                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                27.072707                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                34.871073                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     8992328     96.45%     96.45% |      326048      3.50%     99.95% |        4537      0.05%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  9322936                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    342177147                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.007047                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.004739                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.090137                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   339947465     99.35%     99.35% |     2058149      0.60%     99.95% |      162408      0.05%    100.00% |        8186      0.00%    100.00% |         884      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    342177147                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      342177083                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.792797                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.049791                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        25.107053                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   341964871     99.94%     99.94% |      211955      0.06%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        342177083                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    338581800                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   338581800    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    338581800                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3595283                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   171.627435                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   101.959084                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   176.596694                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     3383071     94.10%     94.10% |      211955      5.90%     99.99% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3595283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr        81175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.incomplete_times_seqr      3301427                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000605                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 10453.579826                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000991                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.853243                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000918                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.995361                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000331                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 14369.489347                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.001412                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  9293.394096                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.002551                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.299527                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.002458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.989439                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.001136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 26609.477200                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.001459                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  7462.105412                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.002646                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.063597                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.002685                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.979635                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.001185                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 10740.152981                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.001956                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5384.191780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.003640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.143117                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.003398                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.988913                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.001680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  7671.805974                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000942                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5183.371471                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.001612                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.053694                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.001491                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.988386                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000669                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  7214.876773                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000782                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  7089.641953                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.001288                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.029512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.001226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.995098                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000506                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  9816.183813                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000840                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  8741.423238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.001408                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.036125                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.001595                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.995427                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000567                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 12806.737933                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000578                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 10688.636217                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000882                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.020727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000848                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.995427                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000303                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 15054.409545                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      4267244                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        56594                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      4323838                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits       758363                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses          104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses       758467                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.335153                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   517.504704                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls          321                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.009395                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time  1045.029303                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002902                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  8435.220004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.010446                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time  1178.212336                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time 26631.033120                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           13                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store         7138                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store          158                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load        55141                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.num_load      3001731                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.num_store      2065610                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.num_LL              0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.num_SC              0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.num_AMO         14964                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_cycles      9584571                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_cycles      2409836                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.AMO_cycles        38147                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002799                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   499.985392                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      3089348                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        51574                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      3140922                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits       555035                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses           94                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses       555129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.243412                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   503.710228                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls          109                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.007973                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time  1024.461591                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  7967.730714                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.010838                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time  1124.630732                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003857                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time 30489.201185                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           76                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store         5548                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store          113                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load        46769                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.num_load      2126566                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.num_store      1550323                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.num_LL              0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.num_SC              0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.num_AMO         19162                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_cycles      4624885                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_cycles      1947614                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.AMO_cycles      5274397                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002658                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   499.964237                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2867785                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        52527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2920312                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits       549416                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses           95                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses       549511                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.228908                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   512.043015                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls          298                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.008112                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time  1024.454188                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003245                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  7291.265135                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.010670                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time  1109.683026                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003928                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time 33449.369903                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           52                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store         5286                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store           72                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load        44995                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.num_load      1989043                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.num_store      1459938                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.num_LL              0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.num_SC              0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.num_AMO         20842                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.load_cycles      4143390                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.store_cycles      1855585                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.AMO_cycles      5761151                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002706                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   499.987070                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2901110                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        51603                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2952713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits       555211                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses           94                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses       555305                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.231136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   505.334594                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls          135                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.007876                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time  1022.132199                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003239                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  6610.807238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.010622                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time  1115.244074                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003830                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time 35180.003946                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load           25                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store         5008                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store           61                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load        44652                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.num_load      2021195                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.num_store      1466205                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.num_LL              0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.num_SC              0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.num_AMO         20618                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.load_cycles      3997501                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.store_cycles      1884600                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.AMO_cycles      5823748                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   499.987202                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000788                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.112574                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031471                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time 14553.928604                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls          238                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       346584                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        16203                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       362787                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.069940                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time  1030.075576                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001609                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  9312.913728                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000821                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4275.279186                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001674                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.987235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000711                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.175611                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032487                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time 14748.581936                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls          921                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       250164                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        19336                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       269500                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.050226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   981.394542                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002065                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  9241.802417                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000760                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4163.616698                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            27                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001559                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.986445                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000726                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.178013                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.028580                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time 14112.328854                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls          254                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits       286859                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        18471                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       305330                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.056661                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   984.244223                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001978                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  8667.031775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000816                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4562.844160                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001884                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.971048                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000644                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.200846                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.020386                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time 15207.641546                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls          160                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       208173                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        20539                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       228712                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.038982                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   971.277755                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  8612.659737                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  5413.533641                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003926                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.983352                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000660                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.056972                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.030333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time 14132.463365                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls          478                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits       273876                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        35815                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       309691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.059058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   984.269919                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004279                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  7947.938666                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000770                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  6609.106214                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.fully_busy_cycles             9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002929                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.998552                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.986675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.024387                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time 14896.880599                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls          284                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits       243303                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        28212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       271515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.047310                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   979.206853                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003247                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time 10028.265750                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000724                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  7718.857476                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002833                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time  1000.095839                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.007793                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.991972                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs    21.865970                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time 25881.545194                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls      6119847                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits       918708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        64748                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       983456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     4.245584                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time 17269.223879                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.010252                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time 11092.081035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.005575                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  8348.840206                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.fully_busy_cycles       1547096                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999210                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000639                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.032461                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.022223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time 17648.344295                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls          284                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits       225992                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        15513                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       241505                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.040215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   976.150721                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001532                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time 14031.441310                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000697                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  9774.859901                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.fully_busy_cycles             9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      5426058                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      5426058                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_input_arbiter_activity      5599347                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_output_arbiter_activity      5426058                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      5426058                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      9103296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      9103296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_input_arbiter_activity      9969850                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_output_arbiter_activity      9103296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      9103296                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     12077437                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     12077437                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_input_arbiter_activity     13391880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_output_arbiter_activity     12077437                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     12077437                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     13513307                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     13513307                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_input_arbiter_activity     14809044                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_output_arbiter_activity     13513307                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     13513307                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1853850                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        48329                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1902179                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         9473                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       606272                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5330                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       341120                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      3992714                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses          322                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3993036                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.402829                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   567.604525                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.041247                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1256.736075                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004714                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 23956.370363                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.sequencer.num_load      5006473                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.sequencer.num_store       888742                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.sequencer.num_LL             0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.sequencer.num_SC             0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.sequencer.num_AMO        11420                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.sequencer.load_cycles     10018484                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.sequencer.store_cycles      1159179                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3954432                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles         5587                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     14547036                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     14547036                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_input_arbiter_activity     16177515                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_output_arbiter_activity     14547036                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     14547036                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1869290                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        48469                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1917759                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8216                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       525824                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5102                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       326528                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4046132                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses          449                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4046581                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.407257                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   570.693654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.039568                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1267.614279                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004746                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 23114.815566                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.sequencer.num_load      5072679                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.sequencer.num_store       891661                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.sequencer.num_LL             0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.sequencer.num_SC             0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.sequencer.num_AMO        11114                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.sequencer.load_cycles     10054390                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.sequencer.store_cycles      1184136                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3894369                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         5541                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     13877056                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     13877056                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_input_arbiter_activity     15215746                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_output_arbiter_activity     13877056                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     13877056                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1879634                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        49096                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1928730                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         9236                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       591104                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5521                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       353344                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      4056936                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses          453                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4057389                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.409542                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   583.245964                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.045682                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1348.026280                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004803                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 22373.426533                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.sequencer.num_load      5085403                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.sequencer.num_store       900716                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.sequencer.num_LL             0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.sequencer.num_SC             0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.sequencer.num_AMO        11369                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.sequencer.load_cycles     10053584                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.sequencer.store_cycles      1236927                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3825469                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles         5910                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads     17105552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes     17105552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_input_arbiter_activity     18559927                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_output_arbiter_activity     17105552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity     17105552                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1921280                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        48954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1970234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         9827                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       628928                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5433                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       347712                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4119534                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses          354                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4119888                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.416435                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   583.998079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.042455                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1295.448966                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004745                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 23050.582227                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.sequencer.num_load      5168631                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.sequencer.num_store       921491                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.sequencer.num_LL             0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.sequencer.num_SC             0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.sequencer.num_AMO        10951                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.sequencer.load_cycles     10182262                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.sequencer.store_cycles      1247100                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3696865                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles         5789                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      4394297                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      4394297                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_input_arbiter_activity      4480056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_output_arbiter_activity      4394297                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      4394297                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1760189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45098                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1805287                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8826                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       564864                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4894                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       313216                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits      3824057                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses          349                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3824406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.383990                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   561.308602                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031801                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1181.345553                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004433                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 29323.712574                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.sequencer.num_load      4786241                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.sequencer.num_store       843452                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.sequencer.num_LL             0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.sequencer.num_SC             0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.sequencer.num_AMO        11276                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.sequencer.load_cycles     10030107                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.sequencer.store_cycles      1123660                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3986695                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl4.fully_busy_cycles         5195                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2889367                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2889367                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2898524                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2889367                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2889367                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1826392                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        48138                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1874530                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         9584                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       613376                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5450                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       348800                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits      3888233                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses          291                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3888524                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.394272                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   565.554262                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034545                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1197.637313                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004684                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 27756.831884                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.sequencer.num_load      4883696                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.sequencer.num_store       879358                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.sequencer.num_LL             0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.sequencer.num_SC             0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.sequencer.num_AMO        11180                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.sequencer.load_cycles     10049462                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.sequencer.store_cycles      1174953                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3911518                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl5.fully_busy_cycles         5780                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3071293                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3071293                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3080279                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3071293                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3071293                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1856709                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        48450                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1905159                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8949                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       572736                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5513                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       352832                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits      4032426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses          431                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4032857                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.405948                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   564.477996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032923                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1207.843293                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004795                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 25903.882333                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.sequencer.num_load      5051512                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.sequencer.num_store       886504                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.sequencer.num_LL             0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.sequencer.num_SC             0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.sequencer.num_AMO        11756                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.sequencer.load_cycles     10101239                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.sequencer.store_cycles      1197097                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3830862                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl6.fully_busy_cycles         6049                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      3337699                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      3337699                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3349136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3337699                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      3337699                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1840362                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        50621                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1890983                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8420                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       538880                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5577                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       356928                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits      3998544                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses          526                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3999070                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.403204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   561.285790                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033416                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1197.185259                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004936                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 25467.479203                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.sequencer.num_load      5013463                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.sequencer.num_store       876590                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.sequencer.num_LL             0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.sequencer.num_SC             0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.sequencer.num_AMO        11078                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.sequencer.load_cycles     10125891                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.sequencer.store_cycles      1173321                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3835203                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl7.fully_busy_cycles         6267                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      3220883                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      3220883                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3228003                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3220883                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      3220883                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1739730                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_misses        46481                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1786211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8628                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       552192                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4948                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       316672                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_hits      3746586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_misses          292                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3746878                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.377618                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   555.903953                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031754                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1180.694814                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004583                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 25705.193689                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.sequencer.num_load      4695888                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.sequencer.num_store       837202                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.sequencer.num_LL             0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.sequencer.num_SC             0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.sequencer.num_AMO        12061                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.sequencer.load_cycles      9910044                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.sequencer.store_cycles      1109191                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4122255                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl8.fully_busy_cycles         5174                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      3463900                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      3463900                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3475682                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3463900                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      3463900                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1755204                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_misses        46418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1801622                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         9012                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       576768                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5004                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       320256                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_hits      3777453                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_misses          273                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3777726                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.380901                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   558.647308                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033138                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1167.872088                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004555                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 24674.184033                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.sequencer.num_load      4734414                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.sequencer.num_store       844934                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.sequencer.num_LL             0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.sequencer.num_SC             0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.sequencer.num_AMO        11912                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.sequencer.load_cycles      9928890                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.sequencer.store_cycles      1115335                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4101891                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl9.fully_busy_cycles         5169                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3324953                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3324953                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3333661                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3324953                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3324953                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1836270                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        48331                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1884601                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         9650                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       617600                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5292                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       338688                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits      3878171                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses          237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3878408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.393572                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   560.222462                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.035081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1180.625328                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004696                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 23680.142609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.sequencer.num_load      4876223                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.sequencer.num_store       886786                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.sequencer.num_AMO        11414                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.sequencer.load_cycles     10014517                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.sequencer.store_cycles      1185893                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3937975                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles         5507                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      6300903                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      6300903                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_input_arbiter_activity      6485952                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_output_arbiter_activity      6300903                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      6300903                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1756457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        46490                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1802947                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8572                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       548608                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4839                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       309696                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits      3798053                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses          234                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3798287                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.382188                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   559.873779                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1169.962556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004556                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 24993.906142                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.sequencer.num_load      4754836                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.sequencer.num_store       846399                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.sequencer.num_AMO        11870                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.sequencer.load_cycles      9998140                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.sequencer.store_cycles      1140617                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4006973                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles         5161                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2711366                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2711366                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2715519                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2711366                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2711366                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2043758                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        52734                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2096492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         9473                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       606272                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         6383                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       408512                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits      4359450                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses          601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4360051                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.441823                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   582.852743                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.038427                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1257.588495                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.005137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 27247.895417                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.sequencer.num_load      5487550                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.sequencer.num_store       968993                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.sequencer.num_AMO         9465                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.sequencer.load_cycles     10558729                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.sequencer.store_cycles      1403836                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3160448                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles         6869                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2496466                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2496466                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2503760                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2496466                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2496466                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1667149                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        44511                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1711660                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8528                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       545792                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4714                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       301696                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits      3573856                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses          250                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3574106                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.360826                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   559.271594                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.030810                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1172.272372                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004370                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 30038.523416                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.sequencer.num_load      4481485                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.sequencer.num_store       804281                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.sequencer.num_AMO        11456                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.sequencer.load_cycles      9899338                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.sequencer.store_cycles      1086608                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4160040                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles         4944                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2653183                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2653183                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2660580                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2653183                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2653183                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1721624                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1767527                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8903                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       569792                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4858                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       310912                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits      3694981                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses          204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3695185                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.373053                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   563.267464                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032436                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1172.571207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004482                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 28264.385994                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.sequencer.num_load      4634343                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.sequencer.num_store       828369                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.sequencer.num_AMO        11534                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.sequencer.load_cycles      9973015                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.sequencer.store_cycles      1103997                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4067058                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles         5068                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2894697                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2894697                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2904476                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2894697                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2894697                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1843579                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        48144                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1891723                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         9043                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       578752                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5626                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       360064                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits      3891184                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses          432                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3891616                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.395252                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   567.012156                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034760                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1222.909771                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004720                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 26614.339801                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.sequencer.num_load      4900047                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.sequencer.num_store       883292                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.sequencer.num_AMO        10884                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.sequencer.load_cycles     10086503                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.sequencer.store_cycles      1219558                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3823965                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles         5817                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2814698                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2814698                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2820791                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2814698                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2814698                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1722860                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        46381                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1769241                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8171                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       522944                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4808                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       307712                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits      3703157                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses          342                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3703499                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.373697                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   563.907882                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.030721                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1187.828409                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004558                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 26585.057951                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.sequencer.num_load      4645768                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.sequencer.num_store       826972                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.sequencer.num_AMO        11411                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.sequencer.load_cycles      9937680                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.sequencer.store_cycles      1141252                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4061262                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles         5153                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3045329                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3045329                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3055371                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3045329                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3045329                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1734713                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45905                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1780618                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         9296                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       594944                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5068                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       324352                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits      3672880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses          239                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3673119                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.372978                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   563.515735                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033424                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1177.904979                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004483                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 25810.566245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.sequencer.num_load      4616851                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.sequencer.num_store       836886                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.sequencer.num_AMO        11337                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.sequencer.load_cycles      9935938                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.sequencer.store_cycles      1127257                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4079966                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles         5317                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2923190                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2923190                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2930460                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2923190                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2923190                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1817632                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses        46845                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1864477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         9336                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       597504                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5079                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       325056                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits      3927443                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses          342                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3927785                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.395047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   563.366496                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034242                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1172.169196                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004553                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 24779.472001                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.sequencer.num_load      4924951                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.sequencer.num_store       867311                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.sequencer.num_AMO        10942                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.sequencer.load_cycles     10127011                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.sequencer.store_cycles      1168811                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3849855                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles         5218                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      5381428                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      5381428                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_input_arbiter_activity      5529654                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_output_arbiter_activity      5381427                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      5381427                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1735489                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses        44725                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1780214                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8616                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       551424                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4820                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       308480                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits      3773036                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses          353                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3773389                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.378526                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   560.278912                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031920                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1162.176937                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004399                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 26108.465912                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.sequencer.num_load      4722462                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.sequencer.num_store       831141                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.sequencer.num_AMO        11384                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.sequencer.load_cycles     10039877                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.sequencer.store_cycles      1130278                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3978282                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles         4945                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2323220                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2323220                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2326560                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2323220                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2323220                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1711503                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses        44352                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1755855                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8908                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       570112                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5138                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       328832                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits      3625958                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses          209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3626167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.367859                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   572.719054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033181                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1205.476000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004323                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 32074.873393                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.sequencer.num_load      4557296                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.sequencer.num_store       824726                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.sequencer.num_AMO        10565                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.sequencer.load_cycles     10058084                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.sequencer.store_cycles      1138173                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3941223                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles         5214                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2032087                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2032087                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2037904                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2032087                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2032087                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1835930                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses        48313                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1884243                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         9417                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       602688                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5648                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       361472                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits      3906551                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses          469                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3907020                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.395905                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   571.710094                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034715                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1223.108062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004673                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 28939.572058                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.sequencer.num_load      4914006                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.sequencer.num_store       877257                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.sequencer.num_AMO        10020                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.sequencer.load_cycles     10234673                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.sequencer.store_cycles      1230011                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3663963                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles         5928                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2244287                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2244287                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2250492                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2244287                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2244287                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1778918                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses        46648                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1825566                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8881                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       568384                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5229                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       334656                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits      3842403                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses          446                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3842849                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.387211                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   570.731723                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032294                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1211.351084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004565                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 28851.101240                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.sequencer.num_load      4820909                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.sequencer.num_store       847506                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.sequencer.num_AMO        10695                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.sequencer.load_cycles     10130485                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.sequencer.store_cycles      1180984                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3821233                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles         5540                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2470592                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2470592                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2478378                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2470592                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2470592                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1716549                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses        47231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1763780                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8857                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       566848                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5143                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       329152                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits      3593088                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses          201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3593289                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.366611                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   567.586524                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032769                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1186.946938                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004587                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 28395.567149                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.sequencer.num_load      4525584                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.sequencer.num_store       831485                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.sequencer.num_AMO        11191                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.sequencer.load_cycles      9984222                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.sequencer.store_cycles      1156167                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3998977                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles         5397                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2418047                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2418047                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2423459                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2418047                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2418047                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1693902                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1739783                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8596                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       550144                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5126                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       328064                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits      3582777                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses          329                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3583106                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.364022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   567.180965                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032302                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1197.312354                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004505                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 27789.050807                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.sequencer.num_load      4506543                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.sequencer.num_store       816347                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.sequencer.num_AMO        11104                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.sequencer.load_cycles      9937836                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.sequencer.store_cycles      1147777                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4051519                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles         5366                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2626705                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2626705                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2635622                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2626705                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2626705                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1618913                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43999                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1662912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8457                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       541248                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4752                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       304128                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits      3485727                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses          224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3485951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.351846                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   560.277298                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.030756                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1169.082993                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004336                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 27572.161240                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.sequencer.num_load      4367699                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.sequencer.num_store       781164                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.sequencer.num_AMO        11725                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.sequencer.load_cycles      9860868                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.sequencer.store_cycles      1065327                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4218384                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles         4949                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2542138                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2542138                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2548618                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2542138                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2542138                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1620425                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43972                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1664397                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8133                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       520512                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4773                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       305472                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits      3535416                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses          297                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3535713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.355402                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   564.676139                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.029966                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1181.390298                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004390                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 26677.632503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.sequencer.num_load      4418690                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.sequencer.num_store       781420                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.sequencer.num_AMO        12436                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.sequencer.load_cycles      9838229                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.sequencer.store_cycles      1098329                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4202688                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles         5091                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      4499855                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      4499855                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_input_arbiter_activity      4613803                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_output_arbiter_activity      4499855                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      4499855                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1783914                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses        48433                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1832347                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         7949                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       508736                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5352                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       342528                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits      3907730                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses          538                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3908268                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.391949                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   568.907529                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032426                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1193.756759                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004739                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 26463.732879                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.sequencer.num_load      4892271                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.sequencer.num_store       848344                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.sequencer.num_AMO        10854                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.sequencer.load_cycles     10258751                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.sequencer.store_cycles      1220927                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3655683                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles         5800                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1959957                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1959957                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1962511                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1959957                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1959957                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1544431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40906                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1585337                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         7420                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       474880                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4215                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       269760                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits      3342361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses          252                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3342613                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.335642                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   564.437694                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.028467                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1178.499228                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004046                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 34693.373534                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.sequencer.num_load      4182699                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.sequencer.num_store       745251                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.sequencer.num_AMO        11140                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.sequencer.load_cycles      9858218                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.sequencer.store_cycles      1048977                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4239862                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles         4242                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers32.buffer_reads      1628322                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.buffer_writes      1628322                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1632660                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1628322                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.crossbar_activity      1628322                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links32.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1560137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses        41713                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1601850                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8159                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       522176                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4517                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       289088                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits      3362471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses          196                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3362667                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.339124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   562.958094                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.030224                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1167.714560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 33249.344817                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.sequencer.num_load      4211889                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.sequencer.num_store       752629                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.sequencer.num_AMO        11129                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.sequencer.load_cycles      9858496                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.sequencer.store_cycles      1027685                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4262392                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles         4651                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers33.buffer_reads      1826911                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.buffer_writes      1826911                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1831372                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1826911                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.crossbar_activity      1826911                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links33.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1721739                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses        46386                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1768125                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8826                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       564864                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5756                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       368384                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits      3657651                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses          378                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3658029                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.372182                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   572.146918                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1223.964463                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004549                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 30276.859280                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.sequencer.num_load      4600205                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.sequencer.num_store       825950                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.sequencer.num_AMO        10484                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.sequencer.load_cycles     10083625                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.sequencer.store_cycles      1168048                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3879651                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles         6134                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers34.buffer_reads      2060097                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.buffer_writes      2060097                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2066719                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2060097                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.crossbar_activity      2060097                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links34.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1591617                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1634821                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         7993                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       511552                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4680                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       299520                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits      3420569                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses          219                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3420788                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.345483                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   566.642238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.030042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1181.118276                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004266                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 30372.470337                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.sequencer.num_load      4288016                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.sequencer.num_store       767593                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.sequencer.num_AMO        11455                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.sequencer.load_cycles      9869583                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.sequencer.store_cycles      1081189                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4191763                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles         4827                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers35.buffer_reads      2051204                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.buffer_writes      2051204                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2055830                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2051204                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.crossbar_activity      2051204                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links35.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1649795                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Dcache.demand_misses        44880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1694675                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8255                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       528320                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4914                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       314496                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Icache.demand_hits      3518848                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Icache.demand_misses          261                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3519109                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.356600                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   566.260734                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.030693                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1194.523013                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004421                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 28881.828005                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.sequencer.num_load      4418368                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.sequencer.num_store       795416                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.sequencer.num_AMO        11344                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.sequencer.load_cycles      9931804                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.sequencer.store_cycles      1129047                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4077640                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl32.fully_busy_cycles         5243                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers36.buffer_reads      2242479                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.buffer_writes      2242479                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2249755                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2242479                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.crossbar_activity      2242479                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links36.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1846315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Dcache.demand_misses        47767                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1894082                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         9033                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       578112                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5463                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       349632                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Icache.demand_hits      3948110                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Icache.demand_misses          432                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3948542                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.399422                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   573.529237                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032802                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1202.684849                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004677                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 26543.392245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.sequencer.num_load      4962753                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.sequencer.num_store       879871                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.sequencer.num_AMO        10503                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.sequencer.load_cycles     10227665                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.sequencer.store_cycles      1254857                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3650804                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl33.fully_busy_cycles         5961                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers37.buffer_reads      2193274                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.buffer_writes      2193274                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2198835                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2193274                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.crossbar_activity      2193274                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links37.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1843165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Dcache.demand_misses        47674                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1890839                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         9294                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       594816                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5511                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       352704                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Icache.demand_hits      4026471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Icache.demand_misses          522                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4026993                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.404199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   571.466886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.035863                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1207.771175                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004599                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 26085.911372                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.sequencer.num_load      5047944                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.sequencer.num_store       869888                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.sequencer.num_AMO         9673                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.sequencer.load_cycles     10364684                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.sequencer.store_cycles      1219451                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3552398                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl34.fully_busy_cycles         5831                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers38.buffer_reads      3643678                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.buffer_writes      3643678                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3728576                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3643677                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.crossbar_activity      3643677                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links38.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1946473                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Dcache.demand_misses        50111                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1996584                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8759                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       560576                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         6309                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       403776                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Icache.demand_hits      4067020                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Icache.demand_misses          466                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4067486                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.415728                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   582.734132                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.036487                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1238.476139                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004882                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 26751.825318                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.sequencer.num_load      5133577                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.sequencer.num_store       930493                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.sequencer.num_AMO         9668                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.sequencer.load_cycles     10430276                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.sequencer.store_cycles      1364508                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3329156                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl35.fully_busy_cycles         6905                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers39.buffer_reads      1576843                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.buffer_writes      1576843                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1578801                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1576843                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.crossbar_activity      1576843                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links39.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links40.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links40.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1647992                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42966                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1690958                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8149                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       521536                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4805                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       307520                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Icache.demand_hits      3529806                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Icache.demand_misses          325                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3530131                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.356426                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   574.603223                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031111                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1215.691061                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 35140.756218                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.sequencer.num_load      4428471                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.sequencer.num_store       792618                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.sequencer.num_AMO        10455                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.sequencer.load_cycles     10070977                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.sequencer.store_cycles      1139640                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3925579                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl36.fully_busy_cycles         4950                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers40.buffer_reads      1246437                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.buffer_writes      1246437                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1249183                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1246437                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.crossbar_activity      1246437                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links40.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links40.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links41.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links41.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1653585                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Dcache.demand_misses        44182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1697767                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8386                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       536704                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4838                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       309632                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Icache.demand_hits      3524045                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Icache.demand_misses          283                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3524328                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.356783                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   572.149599                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1201.442360                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004291                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 33112.344684                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.sequencer.num_load      4426536                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.sequencer.num_store       795559                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.sequencer.num_AMO        10355                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.sequencer.load_cycles     10063978                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.sequencer.store_cycles      1137155                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3937549                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl37.fully_busy_cycles         5041                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers41.buffer_reads      1443945                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.buffer_writes      1443945                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1447456                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1443945                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.crossbar_activity      1443945                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links41.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links41.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links42.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links42.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1571013                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43050                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1614063                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8225                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       526400                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4857                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       310848                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Icache.demand_hits      3369883                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Icache.demand_misses          278                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3370161                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.341274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   575.712958                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.030182                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1204.733533                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004243                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 32610.899491                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.sequencer.num_load      4226270                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.sequencer.num_store       757954                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.sequencer.num_AMO        11061                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.sequencer.load_cycles      9903698                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.sequencer.store_cycles      1092167                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4138103                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl38.fully_busy_cycles         5152                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers42.buffer_reads      1625177                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.buffer_writes      1625177                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1630093                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1625177                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.crossbar_activity      1625177                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links42.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links42.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links43.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links43.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1615760                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Dcache.demand_misses        44713                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1660473                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         7677                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       491328                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4879                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       312256                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Icache.demand_hits      3487849                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Icache.demand_misses          414                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3488263                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.351504                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   566.181308                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.030532                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1206.754647                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004392                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 31018.626617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.sequencer.num_load      4373365                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.sequencer.num_store       775371                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.sequencer.num_AMO        11019                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.sequencer.load_cycles      9979196                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.sequencer.store_cycles      1129143                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4024904                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl39.fully_busy_cycles         5086                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers43.buffer_reads      1658836                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.buffer_writes      1658836                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1662756                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1658836                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.crossbar_activity      1658836                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links43.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links43.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links44.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links44.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1674352                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Dcache.demand_misses        44621                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1718973                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8607                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       550848                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4770                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       305280                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Icache.demand_hits      3588099                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Icache.demand_misses          328                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3588427                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.362170                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   569.159656                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031577                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1184.442383                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004353                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 30073.016745                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.sequencer.num_load      4504152                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.sequencer.num_store       803248                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.sequencer.num_AMO        10739                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.sequencer.load_cycles     10058575                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.sequencer.store_cycles      1131626                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3953282                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl40.fully_busy_cycles         4911                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers44.buffer_reads      1795440                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.buffer_writes      1795440                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1800752                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1795440                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.crossbar_activity      1795440                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links44.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links44.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links45.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links45.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1617494                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43530                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1661024                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         7971                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       510144                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4801                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       307264                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Icache.demand_hits      3476234                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Icache.demand_misses          298                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3476532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.351199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   569.541736                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.030112                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1192.903911                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004322                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 29548.789149                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.sequencer.num_load      4357830                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.sequencer.num_store       779726                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.sequencer.num_AMO        11625                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.sequencer.load_cycles      9915097                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.sequencer.store_cycles      1119525                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4103110                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl41.fully_busy_cycles         5097                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers45.buffer_reads      1754156                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.buffer_writes      1754156                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1758665                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1754156                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.crossbar_activity      1754156                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links45.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links45.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links46.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links46.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1767366                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45340                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1812706                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8627                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       552128                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5400                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       345600                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Icache.demand_hits      3692248                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Icache.demand_misses          318                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3692566                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.376008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   577.011940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034619                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1212.290493                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004425                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 27947.563699                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.sequencer.num_load      4655215                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.sequencer.num_store       850057                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.sequencer.num_AMO        10217                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.sequencer.load_cycles     10141208                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.sequencer.store_cycles      1237015                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3757495                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl42.fully_busy_cycles         5377                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers46.buffer_reads      2743214                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.buffer_writes      2743214                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2802473                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2743213                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.crossbar_activity      2743213                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links46.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links46.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links47.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links47.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1607514                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43656                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1651170                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8033                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       514112                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4819                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       308416                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Icache.demand_hits      3454417                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Icache.demand_misses          184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3454601                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.349376                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   572.616949                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.030392                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1178.128011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 30319.224891                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.sequencer.num_load      4327461                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.sequencer.num_store       778311                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.sequencer.num_AMO        11414                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.sequencer.load_cycles      9996637                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.sequencer.store_cycles      1130814                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4013061                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl43.fully_busy_cycles         5183                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers47.buffer_reads      1170375                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.buffer_writes      1170375                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1171608                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1170375                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.crossbar_activity      1170375                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links47.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links47.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links48.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links48.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1723646                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42817                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1766463                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8244                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       527616                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5133                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       328512                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Icache.demand_hits      3643106                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Icache.demand_misses          319                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3643425                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.369369                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   578.776360                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033611                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1219.911379                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004178                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 36780.223053                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.sequencer.num_load      4585753                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.sequencer.num_store       824135                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.sequencer.num_AMO         9205                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.sequencer.load_cycles     10232266                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.sequencer.store_cycles      1201881                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3702359                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl44.fully_busy_cycles         5280                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers48.buffer_reads       860237                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.buffer_writes       860237                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.sw_input_arbiter_activity       861630                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.sw_output_arbiter_activity       860237                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.crossbar_activity       860237                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links48.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links48.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links49.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links49.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1608451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42239                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1650690                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8712                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       557568                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4844                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       310016                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Icache.demand_hits      3479590                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Icache.demand_misses          260                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3479850                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.350637                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   571.505662                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031803                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1192.078403                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 35463.617585                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.sequencer.num_load      4358298                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.sequencer.num_store       772242                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.sequencer.num_AMO        10459                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.sequencer.load_cycles     10054811                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.sequencer.store_cycles      1093389                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3993877                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl45.fully_busy_cycles         4997                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers49.buffer_reads      1051152                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.buffer_writes      1051152                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1053352                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1051152                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.crossbar_activity      1051152                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links49.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links49.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links50.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links50.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1640313                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43447                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1683760                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8692                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       556288                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5133                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       328512                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Icache.demand_hits      3454796                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Icache.demand_misses          247                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3455043                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.352036                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   577.688145                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031988                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1219.285512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004263                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 33337.806578                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.sequencer.num_load      4346762                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.sequencer.num_store       792041                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.sequencer.num_AMO        10510                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.sequencer.load_cycles     10019236                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.sequencer.store_cycles      1146911                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3967269                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl46.fully_busy_cycles         5464                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers50.buffer_reads      1224080                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.buffer_writes      1224080                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1227500                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1224080                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.crossbar_activity      1224080                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links50.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links50.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links51.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links51.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1625242                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43011                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1668253                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8524                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       545536                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4856                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       310784                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Icache.demand_hits      3480400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Icache.demand_misses          271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3480671                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.351996                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   574.172121                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031325                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1198.469499                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 32580.318469                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.sequencer.num_load      4367350                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.sequencer.num_store       781574                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.sequencer.num_AMO        10560                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.sequencer.load_cycles     10039793                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.sequencer.store_cycles      1114348                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3985399                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl47.fully_busy_cycles         5044                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers51.buffer_reads      1278202                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.buffer_writes      1278202                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1281280                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1278202                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.crossbar_activity      1278202                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links51.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links51.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links52.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links52.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1710272                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Dcache.demand_misses        44927                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1755199                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8075                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       516800                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         5033                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       322112                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Icache.demand_hits      3690784                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Icache.demand_misses          445                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3691229                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.371841                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   574.926376                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.030793                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1201.617194                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004395                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 30751.933777                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.sequencer.num_load      4631817                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.sequencer.num_store       814611                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.sequencer.num_AMO         9888                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.sequencer.load_cycles     10193144                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.sequencer.store_cycles      1205576                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3738923                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl48.fully_busy_cycles         5339                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers52.buffer_reads      1382555                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.buffer_writes      1382555                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1386430                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1382555                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.crossbar_activity      1382555                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links52.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links52.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links53.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links53.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1650973                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1694542                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8420                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       538880                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4688                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       300032                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Icache.demand_hits      3542931                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Icache.demand_misses          255                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3543186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.357493                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   573.498546                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.030853                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1189.349862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004269                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 30268.008962                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.sequencer.num_load      4443700                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.sequencer.num_store       794028                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.sequencer.num_AMO        10966                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.sequencer.load_cycles     10039042                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.sequencer.store_cycles      1137055                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3965026                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl49.fully_busy_cycles         4837                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers53.buffer_reads      1353384                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.buffer_writes      1353384                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1356896                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1353384                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.crossbar_activity      1353384                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links53.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links53.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links54.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links54.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1616975                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42498                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1659473                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8034                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       514176                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4567                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       292288                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Icache.demand_hits      3498116                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Icache.demand_misses          290                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3498406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.351978                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   572.512023                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.029816                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1186.477743                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004191                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 29990.945082                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.sequencer.num_load      4379803                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.sequencer.num_store       778076                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.sequencer.num_AMO        11154                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.sequencer.load_cycles     10012359                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.sequencer.store_cycles      1124694                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4003940                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl50.fully_busy_cycles         4788                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers54.buffer_reads      1863271                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.buffer_writes      1863271                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1895181                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1863270                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.crossbar_activity      1863270                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links54.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links54.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links55.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links55.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1586213                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Dcache.demand_misses        41235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1627448                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8108                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       518912                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4561                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       291904                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Icache.demand_hits      3413227                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Icache.demand_misses          228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3413455                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.344027                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   572.166828                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.029811                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1173.874201                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 31773.591124                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.sequencer.num_load      4275776                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.sequencer.num_store       765127                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.sequencer.num_AMO        10770                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.sequencer.load_cycles     10024737                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.sequencer.store_cycles      1105782                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4015131                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl51.fully_busy_cycles         4690                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers55.buffer_reads       805970                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.buffer_writes       805970                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.sw_input_arbiter_activity       806571                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.sw_output_arbiter_activity       805970                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.crossbar_activity       805970                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links55.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links55.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links56.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links56.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1523791                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Dcache.demand_misses        39192                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1562983                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         7397                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       473408                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4278                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       273792                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Icache.demand_hits      3298272                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Icache.demand_misses          249                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3298521                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.331310                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   573.387764                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.028092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1197.103501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003879                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 40154.043169                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.sequencer.num_load      4126223                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.sequencer.num_store       735281                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.sequencer.num_AMO        10533                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.sequencer.load_cycles      9955208                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.sequencer.store_cycles      1075086                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4111119                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl52.fully_busy_cycles         4362                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers56.buffer_reads       480271                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.buffer_writes       480271                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.sw_input_arbiter_activity       480368                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.sw_output_arbiter_activity       480271                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.crossbar_activity       480271                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links56.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links56.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links57.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links57.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1521447                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Dcache.demand_misses        41258                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1562705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         7413                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       474432                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4539                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       290496                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Icache.demand_hits      3243795                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Icache.demand_misses          257                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3244052                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.328408                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   572.823068                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.028028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1195.938329                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 38123.842304                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.sequencer.num_load      4067934                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.sequencer.num_store       738823                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.sequencer.num_AMO        10608                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.sequencer.load_cycles      9914571                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.sequencer.store_cycles      1110952                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4111361                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl53.fully_busy_cycles         4788                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers57.buffer_reads       675271                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.buffer_writes       675271                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.sw_input_arbiter_activity       676409                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.sw_output_arbiter_activity       675271                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.crossbar_activity       675271                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links57.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links57.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links58.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links58.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1598933                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Dcache.demand_misses        41459                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1640392                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         7621                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       487744                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4545                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       290880                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Icache.demand_hits      3424115                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Icache.demand_misses          305                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3424420                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.345271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   574.420682                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.029217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1197.525813                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 35759.253009                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.sequencer.num_load      4296134                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.sequencer.num_store       768679                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.sequencer.num_AMO        10217                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.sequencer.load_cycles     10030605                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.sequencer.store_cycles      1126089                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3984219                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl54.fully_busy_cycles         4633                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers58.buffer_reads       824557                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.buffer_writes       824557                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.sw_input_arbiter_activity       826443                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.sw_output_arbiter_activity       824557                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.crossbar_activity       824557                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links58.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links58.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links59.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links59.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1676230                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43381                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1719611                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8499                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       543936                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4875                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       312000                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Icache.demand_hits      3603234                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Icache.demand_misses          285                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3603519                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.363238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   574.519551                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031773                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1195.304960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004211                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 33655.138066                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.sequencer.num_load      4521273                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.sequencer.num_store       801857                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.sequencer.num_AMO         9955                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.sequencer.load_cycles     10179707                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.sequencer.store_cycles      1155799                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3805630                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl55.fully_busy_cycles         4989                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers59.buffer_reads       917581                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.buffer_writes       917581                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.sw_input_arbiter_activity       919921                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.sw_output_arbiter_activity       917581                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.crossbar_activity       917581                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links59.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links59.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links60.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links60.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1664431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43243                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1707674                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8446                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       540544                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4935                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       315840                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Icache.demand_hits      3575828                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Icache.demand_misses          300                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3576128                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.360966                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   575.517954                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1197.893444                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 32686.375300                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.sequencer.num_load      4486422                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.sequencer.num_store       797380                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.sequencer.num_AMO        10141                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.sequencer.load_cycles     10154952                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.sequencer.store_cycles      1168006                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3816353                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl56.fully_busy_cycles         5174                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers60.buffer_reads       983336                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.buffer_writes       983336                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.sw_input_arbiter_activity       986071                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.sw_output_arbiter_activity       983336                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.crossbar_activity       983336                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links60.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links60.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links61.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links61.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1641247                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1684111                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         8279                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       529856                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4990                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       319360                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Icache.demand_hits      3535753                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Icache.demand_misses          311                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3536064                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.356716                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   576.308631                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.030401                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1201.815847                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 31700.942635                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.sequencer.num_load      4432330                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.sequencer.num_store       787845                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.sequencer.num_AMO        10456                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.sequencer.load_cycles     10107783                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.sequencer.store_cycles      1166890                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.sequencer.AMO_cycles      3860050                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl57.fully_busy_cycles         5248                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers61.buffer_reads       981876                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.buffer_writes       981876                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.sw_input_arbiter_activity       984464                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.sw_output_arbiter_activity       981876                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.crossbar_activity       981876                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links61.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links61.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links62.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links62.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1553232                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40897                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1594129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         7915                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       506560                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4397                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       281408                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Icache.demand_hits      3392770                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Icache.demand_misses          210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3392980                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.340328                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   573.411223                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.029199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1164.530017                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004032                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 32017.871555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.sequencer.num_load      4238719                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.sequencer.num_store       748390                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.sequencer.num_AMO        11068                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.sequencer.load_cycles      9977625                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.sequencer.store_cycles      1086346                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4084846                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl58.fully_busy_cycles         4530                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers62.buffer_reads      1010361                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.buffer_writes      1010361                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1015603                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1010360                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.crossbar_activity      1010360                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links62.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links62.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links63.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links63.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1537818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Dcache.demand_misses        39997                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1577815                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Dcache.self_invalidations         7352                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Dcache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Dcache.self_invalidation_bytes       470528                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Dcache.self_writebacks         4097                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Dcache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Dcache.self_writeback_bytes       262208                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Icache.demand_hits      3380826                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Icache.demand_misses          205                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3381031                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Icache.self_invalidations            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Icache.self_invalidations_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Icache.self_invalidation_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Icache.self_writebacks            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Icache.self_writebacks_saved            0                       # Number of cache self-invalidations saved
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.L1Icache.self_writeback_bytes            0                       # Bytes of cache self-invalidations
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.337757                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   574.477690                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.027495                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1164.029370                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003930                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 33426.444740                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.sequencer.num_load      4219632                       # Number of load request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.sequencer.num_store       739214                       # Number of store request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.sequencer.num_LL            0                       # Number of load-linked request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.sequencer.num_SC            0                       # Number of store-conditional request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.sequencer.num_AMO        10617                       # Number of AMO request
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.sequencer.load_cycles     10031615                       # Number of cycles on loads
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.sequencer.store_cycles      1083372                       # Number of cycles on stores
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.sequencer.LL_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on load-linked
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.sequencer.SC_cycles            0                       # Number of cycles on store-conditionals
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.sequencer.AMO_cycles      4035126                       # Number of cycles on AMOs
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.sc3_cntrl59.fully_busy_cycles         4220                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers63.buffer_reads       459983                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.buffer_writes       459983                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.sw_input_arbiter_activity       460030                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.sw_output_arbiter_activity       459983                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.crossbar_activity       459983                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links63.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links63.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links64.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links64.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links64.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links64.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links65.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links65.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links65.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links65.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links66.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links66.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links66.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links66.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links67.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links67.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links67.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links67.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links68.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links68.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links68.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links68.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links69.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links69.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links69.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links69.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links70.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links70.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links70.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links70.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links71.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links71.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links71.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links71.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links72.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links72.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links72.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links72.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links73.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links73.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links73.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links73.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links74.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links74.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links74.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links74.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links75.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links75.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links75.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links75.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links76.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links76.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links76.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links76.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links77.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links77.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links77.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links77.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links78.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links78.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links78.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links78.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links79.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links79.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links79.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links79.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links000.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links000.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links001.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links001.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links002.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links002.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links003.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links003.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links004.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links004.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links005.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links005.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links006.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links006.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links007.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links007.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links008.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links008.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links009.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links009.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links010.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links010.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links011.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links011.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links012.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links012.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links013.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links013.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links014.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links014.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links015.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links015.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links016.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links016.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links017.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links017.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links018.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links018.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links019.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links019.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links020.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links020.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links021.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links021.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links022.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links022.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links023.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links023.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links024.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links024.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links025.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links025.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links026.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links026.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links027.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links027.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links028.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links028.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links029.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links029.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links030.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links030.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links031.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links031.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links032.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links032.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links033.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links033.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links034.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links034.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links035.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links035.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links036.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links036.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links037.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links037.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links038.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links038.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links039.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links039.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links040.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links040.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links041.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links041.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links042.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links042.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links043.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links043.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links044.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links044.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links045.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links045.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links046.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links046.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links047.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links047.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links048.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links048.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links049.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links049.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links050.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links050.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links051.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links051.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links052.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links052.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links053.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links053.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links054.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links054.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links055.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links055.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links056.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links056.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links057.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links057.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links058.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links058.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links059.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links059.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links060.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links060.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links061.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links061.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links062.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links062.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links063.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links063.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links064.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links064.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links065.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links065.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links066.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links066.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links067.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links067.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links068.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links068.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links069.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links069.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links070.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links070.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links071.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links071.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links072.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links072.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links073.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links073.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links074.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links074.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links075.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links075.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links076.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links076.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links077.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links077.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links078.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links078.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links079.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links079.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links080.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links080.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links081.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links081.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links082.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links082.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links083.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links083.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links084.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links084.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links085.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links085.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links086.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links086.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links087.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links087.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links088.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links088.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links089.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links089.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links090.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links090.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links091.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links091.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links092.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links092.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links093.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links093.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links094.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links094.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links095.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links095.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links096.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links096.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links097.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links097.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links098.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links098.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links099.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links099.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links100.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links100.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links101.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links101.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links102.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links102.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links103.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links103.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links104.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links104.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links105.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links105.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links106.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links106.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links107.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links107.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links108.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links108.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links109.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links109.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links110.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links110.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links111.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links111.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links112.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links112.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links113.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links113.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links114.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links114.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links115.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links115.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links116.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links116.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links117.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links117.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links118.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links118.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links119.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links119.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links120.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links120.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links121.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links121.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links122.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links122.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links123.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links123.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links124.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links124.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links125.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links125.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links126.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links126.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links127.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links127.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links128.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links128.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links129.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links129.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links130.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links130.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links131.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links131.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links132.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links132.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links133.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links133.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links134.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links134.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links135.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links135.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links136.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links136.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links137.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links137.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links138.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links138.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links139.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links139.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links140.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links140.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links141.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links141.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links142.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links142.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links143.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links143.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links144.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links144.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links145.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links145.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links146.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links146.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links147.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links147.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links148.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links148.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links149.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links149.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links150.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links150.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links151.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links151.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links152.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links152.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links153.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links153.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links154.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links154.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links155.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links155.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links156.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links156.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links157.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links157.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links158.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links158.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links159.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links159.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links160.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links160.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links161.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links161.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links162.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links162.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links163.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links163.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links164.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links164.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links165.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links165.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links166.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links166.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links167.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links167.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links168.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links168.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links169.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links169.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links170.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links170.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links171.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links171.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links172.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links172.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links173.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links173.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links174.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links174.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links175.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links175.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links176.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links176.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links177.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links177.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links178.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links178.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links179.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links179.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links180.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links180.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links181.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links181.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links182.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links182.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links183.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links183.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links184.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links184.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links185.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links185.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links186.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links186.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links187.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links187.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links188.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links188.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links189.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links189.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links190.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links190.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links191.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links191.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links192.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links192.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links193.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links193.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links194.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links194.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links195.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links195.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links196.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links196.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links197.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links197.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links198.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links198.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links199.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links199.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links200.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links200.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links201.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links201.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links202.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links202.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links203.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links203.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links204.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links204.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links205.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links205.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links206.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links206.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links207.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links207.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links208.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links208.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links209.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links209.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links210.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links210.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links211.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links211.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links212.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links212.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links213.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links213.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links214.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links214.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links215.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links215.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links216.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links216.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links217.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links217.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links218.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links218.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links219.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links219.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links220.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links220.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links221.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links221.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links222.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links222.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links223.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links223.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs64.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs65.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs66.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs67.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs68.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs69.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs70.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs71.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs72.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs73.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs74.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs75.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs76.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs77.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs78.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs79.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |     4404351     46.12%     46.12% |     4788501     50.14%     96.26% |      357310      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total      9550162                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |     4404359     46.12%     46.12% |     4788503     50.14%     96.26% |      357310      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total      9550172                      
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |    95907920                       |   121601890                       |     4240619                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |    30411156                       |    70904150                       |      357314                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency |   21.775721                       |   25.394563                       |   11.868179                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency |    6.904798                       |   14.807170                       |    1.000011                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency    23.219546                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency    10.646167                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency    33.865713                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     9725860     31.92%     31.92% |    20388761     66.91%     98.83% |      357310      1.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     30471931                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     9725883     31.92%     31.92% |    20388771     66.91%     98.83% |      357310      1.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     30471964                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |   222303320                       |   451649722                       |     4240619                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |   125966770                       |   341857890                       |      357314                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency |   22.856932                       |   22.151896                       |   11.868179                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency |   12.951736                       |   16.766977                       |    1.000011                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency    22.256340                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency    15.364368                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency    37.620709                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization     30471955                      
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization     30471933                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization    180030811                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization    15.856400                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    3.377590     21.30%     21.30% |    1.050262      6.62%     27.92% |    0.475880      3.00%     30.93% |    0.282989      1.78%     32.71% |    7.082386     44.67%     77.38% |    2.124518     13.40%     90.77% |    0.862137      5.44%     96.21% |    0.470860      2.97%     99.18% |    0.109719      0.69%     99.87% |    0.008245      0.05%     99.93% |    0.005933      0.04%     99.96% |    0.005878      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total      15.856400                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops             5.908083                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20574591500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.am_network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.168286                      
system.am_network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        13619                      
system.am_network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11956                      
system.am_network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       108952                      
system.am_network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        95648                      
system.am_network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.274344                      
system.am_network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        21679                      
system.am_network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        20014                      
system.am_network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       173432                      
system.am_network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       160112                      
system.am_network.routers00.throttle2.link_utilization     0.141367                      
system.am_network.routers00.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         9078                      
system.am_network.routers00.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        12406                      
system.am_network.routers00.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        72624                      
system.am_network.routers00.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        99248                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.197219                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        18451                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11521                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       147608                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        92168                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.274344                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        20014                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        21679                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       160112                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       173432                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle2.link_utilization     0.487915                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        35958                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        38192                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       287664                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       305536                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle3.link_utilization     0.143756                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         9408                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        12439                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        75264                      
system.am_network.routers01.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        99512                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.199562                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        20176                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10152                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       161408                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        81216                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.487915                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        38192                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        35958                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       305536                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       287664                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle2.link_utilization     0.611029                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        42051                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        50809                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       336408                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       406472                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle3.link_utilization     0.148421                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         9528                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        13028                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        76224                      
system.am_network.routers02.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       104224                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.195870                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        19955                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1         9812                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       159640                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        78496                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.611029                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        50809                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        42051                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       406472                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       336408                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle2.link_utilization     0.637553                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        40789                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        56102                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       326312                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       448816                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle3.link_utilization     0.148526                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         9492                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        13080                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        75936                      
system.am_network.routers03.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       104640                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.155626                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11022                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        12629                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        88176                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1       101032                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.637553                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        56102                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        40789                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       448816                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       326312                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle2.link_utilization     0.579412                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        38708                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        49347                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       309664                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       394776                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle3.link_utilization     0.146019                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         9562                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        12629                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        76496                      
system.am_network.routers04.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       101032                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.138880                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10723                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10383                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        85784                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        83064                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.579412                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        49347                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        38708                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       394776                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       309664                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle2.link_utilization     0.453975                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        30762                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        38230                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       246096                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       305840                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle3.link_utilization     0.152376                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         9823                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        13334                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        78584                      
system.am_network.routers05.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       106672                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.144611                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10936                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11041                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        87488                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        88328                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.453981                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        38230                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        30763                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       305840                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       246104                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle2.link_utilization     0.258493                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        17768                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        21516                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       142144                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       172128                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle3.link_utilization     0.150415                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         9622                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        13237                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        76976                      
system.am_network.routers06.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       105896                      
system.am_network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.144058                      
system.am_network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10555                      
system.am_network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11338                      
system.am_network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        84440                      
system.am_network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        90704                      
system.am_network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.258500                      
system.am_network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        21516                      
system.am_network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        17769                      
system.am_network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       172128                      
system.am_network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       142152                      
system.am_network.routers07.throttle2.link_utilization     0.145388                      
system.am_network.routers07.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         9565                      
system.am_network.routers07.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        12530                      
system.am_network.routers07.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        76520                      
system.am_network.routers07.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       100240                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.140985                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10919                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10507                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        87352                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        84056                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.141367                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        12406                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         9078                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        99248                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        72624                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle2.link_utilization     0.197726                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        15104                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        14945                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       120832                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       119560                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle3.link_utilization     0.223099                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        15003                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        18902                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       120024                      
system.am_network.routers08.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       151216                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.133543                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10777                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1         9518                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        86216                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        76144                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.143756                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        12439                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         9408                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        99512                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        75264                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle2.link_utilization     0.197726                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        14945                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        15104                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       119560                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       120832                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle3.link_utilization     0.339461                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        25540                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        26049                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       204320                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       208392                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle4.link_utilization     0.230462                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        15701                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        19323                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       125608                      
system.am_network.routers09.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       154584                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.138906                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11320                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1         9790                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        90560                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        78320                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.148421                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        13028                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         9528                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       104224                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        76224                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.339461                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        26049                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        25540                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       208392                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       204320                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.430313                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        32084                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        33312                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       256672                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       266496                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.236311                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        15801                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        20112                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       126408                      
system.am_network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       160896                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.143071                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10648                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11095                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        85184                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        88760                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.148526                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        13080                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         9492                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       104640                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        75936                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.430313                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        33312                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        32084                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       266496                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       256672                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.464470                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        35120                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        35467                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       280960                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       283736                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.235969                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        15919                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        19942                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       127352                      
system.am_network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       159536                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.151027                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11679                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11273                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        93432                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        90184                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.146019                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        12629                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         9562                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       101032                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        76496                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle2.link_utilization     0.464477                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        35467                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        35121                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       283736                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       280968                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle3.link_utilization     0.439643                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        33099                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        33715                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       264792                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       269720                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle4.link_utilization     0.228922                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        15793                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        18997                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       126344                      
system.am_network.routers12.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       151976                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.152277                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11554                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11588                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        92432                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        92704                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.152376                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        13334                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         9823                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       106672                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        78584                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization     0.439643                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        33715                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        33099                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       269720                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       264792                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization     0.351378                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        26542                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        26858                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       212336                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       214864                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.239733                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        16328                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        20105                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       130624                      
system.am_network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       160840                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.147960                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11025                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11461                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        88200                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        91688                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.150415                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        13237                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         9622                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       105896                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        76976                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle2.link_utilization     0.351378                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        26858                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        26542                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       214864                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       212336                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle3.link_utilization     0.203299                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        15742                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        15154                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       125936                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       121232                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle4.link_utilization     0.238193                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        16058                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        20141                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       128464                      
system.am_network.routers14.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       161128                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.146763                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11516                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10788                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        92128                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        86304                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.145394                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        12530                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         9566                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       100240                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        76528                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization     0.203306                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        15154                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        15743                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       121232                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       125944                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization     0.228705                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        15826                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        18931                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       126608                      
system.am_network.routers15.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       151448                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.123338                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         8986                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1         9758                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        71888                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        78064                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.223099                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        18902                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        15003                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       151216                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       120024                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle2.link_utilization     0.157238                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        12138                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        11758                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        97104                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        94064                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle3.link_utilization     0.275279                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        19164                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        22671                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       153312                      
system.am_network.routers16.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       181368                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.145401                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11123                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10974                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        88984                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        87792                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.230462                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19323                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        15701                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       154584                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       125608                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle2.link_utilization     0.157238                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        11758                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        12138                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        94064                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        97104                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle3.link_utilization     0.283622                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        21596                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        21507                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       172768                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       172056                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle4.link_utilization     0.278194                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        19399                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        22879                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       155192                      
system.am_network.routers17.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       183032                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.149125                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11185                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11478                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        89480                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        91824                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.236311                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        20112                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        15801                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       160896                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       126408                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle2.link_utilization     0.283622                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        21507                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        21596                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       172056                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       172768                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle3.link_utilization     0.362689                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        27828                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        27291                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       222624                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       218328                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle4.link_utilization     0.286458                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        19534                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        24000                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       156272                      
system.am_network.routers18.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       192000                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.148355                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10462                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        12084                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        83696                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        96672                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.235969                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19942                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        15919                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       159536                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       127352                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle2.link_utilization     0.362689                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        27291                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        27828                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       218328                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       222624                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle3.link_utilization     0.389391                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        30195                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        28982                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       241560                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       231856                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle4.link_utilization     0.283938                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        20037                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        23114                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       160296                      
system.am_network.routers19.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       184912                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.151770                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11055                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        12010                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        88440                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        96080                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.228922                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        18997                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        15793                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       151976                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       126344                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle2.link_utilization     0.389391                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        28982                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        30195                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       231856                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       241560                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle3.link_utilization     0.365676                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        28362                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        27211                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       226896                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       217688                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle4.link_utilization     0.272463                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        19610                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        21797                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       156880                      
system.am_network.routers20.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       174376                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.143940                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10972                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10903                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        87776                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        87224                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.239733                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        20105                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        16328                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       160840                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       130624                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle2.link_utilization     0.365676                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        27211                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        28362                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       217688                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       226896                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle3.link_utilization     0.291657                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        22508                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        21816                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       180064                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       174528                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle4.link_utilization     0.291229                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        20436                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        23823                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       163488                      
system.am_network.routers21.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       190584                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.142907                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10583                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11135                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        84664                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        89080                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.238193                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        20141                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        16058                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       161128                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       128464                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle2.link_utilization     0.291657                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        21816                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        22508                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       174528                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       180064                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle3.link_utilization     0.168411                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        13217                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        12377                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       105736                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        99016                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle4.link_utilization     0.289479                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        20157                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        23836                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       161256                      
system.am_network.routers22.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       190688                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.143400                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11041                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10752                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        88328                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        86016                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.228711                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        18931                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        15827                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       151448                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       126616                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle2.link_utilization     0.168411                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        12377                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        13217                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        99016                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       105736                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle3.link_utilization     0.275259                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        19639                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        22193                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       157112                      
system.am_network.routers23.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       177544                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.139558                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10202                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11007                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        81616                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        88056                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.275279                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        22671                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        19164                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       181368                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       153312                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle2.link_utilization     0.135425                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        10446                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        10135                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        83568                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        81080                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle3.link_utilization     0.287821                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        20364                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        23377                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       162912                      
system.am_network.routers24.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       187016                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization     0.134366                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         9603                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10817                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        76824                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        86536                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization     0.278194                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        22879                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        19399                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       183032                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       155192                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle2.link_utilization     0.135425                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        10135                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        10446                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        81080                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        83568                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle3.link_utilization     0.232298                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        18054                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        17249                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       144432                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       137992                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle4.link_utilization     0.293914                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        20953                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        23714                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       167624                      
system.am_network.routers25.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       189712                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     0.146309                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10316                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11919                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        82528                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        95352                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization     0.286458                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        24000                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        19534                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       192000                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       156272                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle2.link_utilization     0.232304                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        17249                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        18055                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       137992                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       144440                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle3.link_utilization     0.294723                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        23381                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        21409                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       187048                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       171272                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle4.link_utilization     0.299915                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        20774                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        24805                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       166192                      
system.am_network.routers26.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       198440                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle0.link_utilization     0.142144                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10810                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10792                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        86480                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        86336                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle1.link_utilization     0.283938                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        23114                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        20037                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       184912                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       160296                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle2.link_utilization     0.294723                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        21408                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        23382                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       171264                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       187056                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle3.link_utilization     0.315273                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        24818                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        23095                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       198544                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       184760                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle4.link_utilization     0.297368                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        21173                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        24019                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       169384                      
system.am_network.routers27.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       192152                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle0.link_utilization     0.141453                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10701                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10796                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        85608                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        86368                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle1.link_utilization     0.272463                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        21797                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        19610                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       174376                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       156880                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle2.link_utilization     0.315279                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        23095                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        24819                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       184760                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       198552                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle3.link_utilization     0.297289                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        23251                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        21929                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       186008                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       175432                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle4.link_utilization     0.283043                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        20662                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        22353                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       165296                      
system.am_network.routers28.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       178824                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle0.link_utilization     0.148710                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11393                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11207                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        91144                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        89656                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle1.link_utilization     0.291229                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        23823                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        20436                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       190584                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       163488                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle2.link_utilization     0.297289                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        21929                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        23251                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       175432                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       186008                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle3.link_utilization     0.237009                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        18575                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        17444                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       148600                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       139552                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle4.link_utilization     0.303935                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        21404                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        24786                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       171232                      
system.am_network.routers29.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       198288                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle0.link_utilization     0.149158                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        12077                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10591                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        96616                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        84728                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle1.link_utilization     0.289479                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        23836                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        20157                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       190688                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       161256                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle2.link_utilization     0.237009                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        17444                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        18575                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       139552                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       148600                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle3.link_utilization     0.133826                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        10406                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         9932                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        83248                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        79456                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle4.link_utilization     0.302422                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        20726                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        25234                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       165808                      
system.am_network.routers30.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       201872                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle0.link_utilization     0.137735                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10435                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10497                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        83480                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        83976                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle1.link_utilization     0.275266                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        22193                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        19640                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       177544                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       157120                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle2.link_utilization     0.133826                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         9932                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        10406                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        79456                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        83248                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle3.link_utilization     0.287630                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        20847                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        22865                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       166776                      
system.am_network.routers31.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       182920                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle0.link_utilization     0.150382                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10838                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        12016                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        86704                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        96128                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle1.link_utilization     0.287821                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        23377                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        20364                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       187016                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       162912                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle2.link_utilization     0.107341                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         8263                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         8050                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        66104                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        64400                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle3.link_utilization     0.257993                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        18580                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        20628                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       148640                      
system.am_network.routers32.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       165024                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle0.link_utilization     0.139919                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10811                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10453                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        86488                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        83624                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle1.link_utilization     0.293907                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        23713                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        20953                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       189704                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       167624                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle2.link_utilization     0.107341                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         8050                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         8263                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        64400                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        66104                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle3.link_utilization     0.181789                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        13703                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        13924                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       109624                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       111392                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle4.link_utilization     0.272272                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        19347                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        22031                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       154776                      
system.am_network.routers33.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       176248                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle0.link_utilization     0.143775                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10083                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11767                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        80664                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        94136                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle1.link_utilization     0.299921                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        24805                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        20775                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       198440                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       166200                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle2.link_utilization     0.181789                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        13924                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        13703                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       111392                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       109624                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle3.link_utilization     0.226948                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        17463                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        17027                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       139704                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       136216                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle4.link_utilization     0.277417                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        19578                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        22582                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       156624                      
system.am_network.routers34.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       180656                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle0.link_utilization     0.143446                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11128                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10672                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        89024                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        85376                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle1.link_utilization     0.297368                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        24019                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        21173                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       192152                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       169384                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle2.link_utilization     0.226948                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        17027                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        17463                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       136216                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       139704                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle3.link_utilization     0.240740                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        18212                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        18374                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       145696                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       146992                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle4.link_utilization     0.273338                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        19418                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        22122                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       155344                      
system.am_network.routers35.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       176976                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle0.link_utilization     0.141578                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10981                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10535                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        87848                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        84280                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle1.link_utilization     0.283043                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        22353                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        20662                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       178824                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       165296                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle2.link_utilization     0.240740                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        18374                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        18212                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       146992                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       145696                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle3.link_utilization     0.224461                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        16658                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        17454                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       133264                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       139632                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle4.link_utilization     0.258394                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        18883                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        20386                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       151064                      
system.am_network.routers36.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       163088                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle0.link_utilization     0.139683                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10091                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11137                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        80728                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        89096                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle1.link_utilization     0.303935                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        24786                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        21404                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       198288                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       171232                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle2.link_utilization     0.224461                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        17454                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        16658                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       139632                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       133264                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle3.link_utilization     0.176946                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        13145                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        13746                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       105160                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       109968                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle4.link_utilization     0.284373                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        20343                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        22874                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       162744                      
system.am_network.routers37.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       182992                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle0.link_utilization     0.137544                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         9294                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11609                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        74352                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        92872                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle1.link_utilization     0.302422                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        25234                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        20726                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       201872                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       165808                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle2.link_utilization     0.176946                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        13746                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        13145                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       109968                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       105160                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle3.link_utilization     0.099083                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         7739                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         7319                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        61912                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        58552                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle4.link_utilization     0.284419                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        20005                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        23219                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       160040                      
system.am_network.routers38.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       185752                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle0.link_utilization     0.124785                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         9185                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1         9779                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        73480                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        78232                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle1.link_utilization     0.287636                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        22865                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        20848                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       182920                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       166784                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle2.link_utilization     0.099083                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         7319                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         7739                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        58552                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        61912                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle3.link_utilization     0.273167                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        20255                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        21259                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       162040                      
system.am_network.routers39.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       170072                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle0.link_utilization     0.129200                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10117                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1         9518                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        80936                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        76144                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle1.link_utilization     0.257993                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        20628                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        18580                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       165024                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       148640                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle2.link_utilization     0.070690                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         5183                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         5560                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        41464                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        44480                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle3.link_utilization     0.206918                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        14588                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        16858                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       116704                      
system.am_network.routers40.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       134864                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle0.link_utilization     0.144124                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10009                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11894                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        80072                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        95152                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle1.link_utilization     0.272272                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        22031                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        19347                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       176248                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       154776                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle2.link_utilization     0.070690                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         5560                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         5183                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        44480                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        41464                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle3.link_utilization     0.126529                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         9617                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         9612                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        76936                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        76896                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle4.link_utilization     0.212636                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        15567                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        16748                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       124536                      
system.am_network.routers41.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       133984                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle0.link_utilization     0.148493                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10703                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11864                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        85624                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        94912                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle1.link_utilization     0.277417                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        22582                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        19578                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       180656                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       156624                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle2.link_utilization     0.126529                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         9612                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         9617                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        76896                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        76936                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle3.link_utilization     0.161028                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        12351                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        12121                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        98808                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        96968                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle4.link_utilization     0.215288                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        15325                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        17393                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       122600                      
system.am_network.routers42.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       139144                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle0.link_utilization     0.144552                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10664                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11304                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        85312                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        90432                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle1.link_utilization     0.273338                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        22122                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        19418                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       176976                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       155344                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle2.link_utilization     0.161028                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        12121                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        12351                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        96968                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        98808                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle3.link_utilization     0.172919                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        13310                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        12969                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       106480                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       103752                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle4.link_utilization     0.213847                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        15162                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        17337                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       121296                      
system.am_network.routers43.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       138696                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle0.link_utilization     0.127661                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10394                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1         9007                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        83152                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        72056                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle1.link_utilization     0.258394                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        20386                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        18883                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       163088                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       151064                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle2.link_utilization     0.172919                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        12969                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        13310                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       103752                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1       106480                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle3.link_utilization     0.164226                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        12353                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        12605                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        98824                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       100840                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle4.link_utilization     0.209386                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        14762                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        17059                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       118096                      
system.am_network.routers44.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       136472                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle0.link_utilization     0.150250                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11257                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11577                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        90056                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        92616                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle1.link_utilization     0.284373                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        22874                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        20343                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       182992                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       162744                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle2.link_utilization     0.164226                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        12605                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1        12353                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0       100840                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        98824                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle3.link_utilization     0.132175                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         9856                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        10231                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        78848                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        81848                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle4.link_utilization     0.222066                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        15830                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        17918                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       126640                      
system.am_network.routers45.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       143344                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle0.link_utilization     0.140137                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         9840                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11457                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        78720                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        91656                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle1.link_utilization     0.284419                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        23219                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        20005                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       185752                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       160040                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle2.link_utilization     0.132175                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        10231                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         9856                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        81848                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        78848                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle3.link_utilization     0.077376                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         5977                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         5782                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        47816                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        46256                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle4.link_utilization     0.231166                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        16482                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        18649                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       131856                      
system.am_network.routers46.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1       149192                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle0.link_utilization     0.153145                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11076                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        12198                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        88608                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        97584                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle1.link_utilization     0.273173                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        21259                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        20256                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       170072                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       162048                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle2.link_utilization     0.077376                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         5782                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         5977                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        46256                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        47816                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle3.link_utilization     0.206306                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0        15833                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1        15520                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0       126664                      
system.am_network.routers47.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1       124160                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle0.link_utilization     0.127338                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         8864                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10488                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        70912                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        83904                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle1.link_utilization     0.206918                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        16858                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        14588                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       134864                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       116704                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle2.link_utilization     0.041771                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         3269                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         3079                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        26152                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        24632                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle3.link_utilization     0.125219                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         9097                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         9933                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        72776                      
system.am_network.routers48.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        79464                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle0.link_utilization     0.138360                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10129                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10898                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        81032                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        87184                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle1.link_utilization     0.212636                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        16748                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        15567                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       133984                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       124536                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle2.link_utilization     0.041771                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         3079                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         3269                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        24632                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        26152                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle3.link_utilization     0.073329                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         5581                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         5563                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        44648                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        44504                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle4.link_utilization     0.121600                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0         9120                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1         9360                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0        72960                      
system.am_network.routers49.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1        74880                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle0.link_utilization     0.138478                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10155                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10890                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        81240                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        87120                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle1.link_utilization     0.215288                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        17393                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        15325                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       139144                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       122600                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle2.link_utilization     0.073329                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         5563                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         5581                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        44504                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        44648                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle3.link_utilization     0.093082                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         7098                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         7048                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        56784                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        56384                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle4.link_utilization     0.124930                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0         8810                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        10176                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0        70480                      
system.am_network.routers50.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1        81408                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle0.link_utilization     0.139604                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10216                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11000                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        81728                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        88000                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle1.link_utilization     0.213847                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        17337                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        15162                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       138696                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       121296                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle2.link_utilization     0.093082                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         7048                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         7098                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        56384                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        56784                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle3.link_utilization     0.100156                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         7708                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         7513                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        61664                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        60104                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle4.link_utilization     0.122930                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0         8573                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        10109                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0        68584                      
system.am_network.routers51.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1        80872                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle0.link_utilization     0.130734                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         9514                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10354                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        76112                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        82832                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle1.link_utilization     0.209386                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        17059                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        14762                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       136472                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       118096                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle2.link_utilization     0.100156                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         7513                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         7708                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        60104                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        61664                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle3.link_utilization     0.094918                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         7406                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         7019                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        59248                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        56152                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle4.link_utilization     0.125726                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0         8729                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        10378                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0        69832                      
system.am_network.routers52.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1        83024                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle0.link_utilization     0.141657                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10632                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10896                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        85056                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        87168                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle1.link_utilization     0.222066                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        17918                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        15830                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       143344                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       126640                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle2.link_utilization     0.094918                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         7019                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         7406                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        56152                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        59248                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle3.link_utilization     0.076829                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         5977                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         5699                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        47816                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        45592                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle4.link_utilization     0.129477                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0         8981                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        10696                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0        71848                      
system.am_network.routers53.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1        85568                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle0.link_utilization     0.147691                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10811                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11634                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        86488                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        93072                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle1.link_utilization     0.231166                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        18649                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        16482                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       149192                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       131856                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle2.link_utilization     0.076829                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         5699                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         5977                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        45592                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        47816                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle3.link_utilization     0.042639                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         3488                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         2992                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        27904                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        23936                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle4.link_utilization     0.136287                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0         9575                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle4.msg_count.Control::1        11137                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0        76600                      
system.am_network.routers54.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::1        89096                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle0.link_utilization     0.139525                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10451                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10753                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        83608                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        86024                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle1.link_utilization     0.206306                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        15520                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1        15833                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       124160                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1       126664                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle2.link_utilization     0.042639                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         2992                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         3488                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        23936                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        27904                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle3.link_utilization     0.113198                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         9157                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         8046                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        73256                      
system.am_network.routers55.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        64368                      
system.am_network.routers56.throttle0.link_utilization     0.139979                      
system.am_network.routers56.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10241                      
system.am_network.routers56.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11032                      
system.am_network.routers56.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        81928                      
system.am_network.routers56.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        88256                      
system.am_network.routers56.throttle1.link_utilization     0.125219                      
system.am_network.routers56.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9933                      
system.am_network.routers56.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         9097                      
system.am_network.routers56.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        79464                      
system.am_network.routers56.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        72776                      
system.am_network.routers56.throttle2.link_utilization     0.014759                      
system.am_network.routers56.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         1099                      
system.am_network.routers56.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         1144                      
system.am_network.routers56.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0         8792                      
system.am_network.routers56.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         9152                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle0.link_utilization     0.135906                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10278                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        10376                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        82224                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        83008                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle1.link_utilization     0.121600                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         9360                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         9120                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        74880                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        72960                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle2.link_utilization     0.014759                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         1144                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         1099                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0         9152                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         8792                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle3.link_utilization     0.024958                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         1803                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         1990                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        14424                      
system.am_network.routers57.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        15920                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle0.link_utilization     0.139742                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         9895                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11342                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        79160                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        90736                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle1.link_utilization     0.124937                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        10176                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         8811                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        81408                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        70488                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle2.link_utilization     0.024958                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         1990                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         1803                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        15920                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        14424                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle3.link_utilization     0.031479                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         2339                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         2445                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        18712                      
system.am_network.routers58.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        19560                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle0.link_utilization     0.137748                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         9629                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11305                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        77032                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        90440                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle1.link_utilization     0.122930                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        10109                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         8573                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        80872                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        68584                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle2.link_utilization     0.031479                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         2445                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         2339                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        19560                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        18712                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle3.link_utilization     0.033809                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         2586                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         2552                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        20688                      
system.am_network.routers59.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        20416                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle0.link_utilization     0.140808                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         9801                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11598                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        78408                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        92784                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle1.link_utilization     0.125726                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        10378                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         8729                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        83024                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        69832                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle2.link_utilization     0.033809                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         2552                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         2586                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        20416                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        20688                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle3.link_utilization     0.031703                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         2500                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         2318                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        20000                      
system.am_network.routers60.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        18544                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle0.link_utilization     0.144414                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10090                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        11857                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        80720                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        94856                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle1.link_utilization     0.129477                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        10696                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         8981                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        85568                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        71848                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle2.link_utilization     0.031703                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         2318                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         2500                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        18544                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        20000                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle3.link_utilization     0.025333                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         2042                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1         1808                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        16336                      
system.am_network.routers61.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1        14464                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle0.link_utilization     0.152310                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10760                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1        12387                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        86080                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        99096                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle1.link_utilization     0.136287                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        11137                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         9575                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        89096                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        76600                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle2.link_utilization     0.025333                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         1808                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         2042                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        14464                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1        16336                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle3.link_utilization     0.013548                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         1179                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle3.msg_count.Control::1          880                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0         9432                      
system.am_network.routers62.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::1         7040                      
system.am_network.routers63.throttle0.link_utilization     0.126746                      
system.am_network.routers63.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10336                      
system.am_network.routers63.throttle0.msg_count.Control::1         8926                      
system.am_network.routers63.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        82688                      
system.am_network.routers63.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::1        71408                      
system.am_network.routers63.throttle1.link_utilization     0.113198                      
system.am_network.routers63.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         8046                      
system.am_network.routers63.throttle1.msg_count.Control::1         9157                      
system.am_network.routers63.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        64368                      
system.am_network.routers63.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::1        73256                      
system.am_network.routers63.throttle2.link_utilization     0.013548                      
system.am_network.routers63.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0          880                      
system.am_network.routers63.throttle2.msg_count.Control::1         1179                      
system.am_network.routers63.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0         7040                      
system.am_network.routers63.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::1         9432                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       4439601                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        34.772019                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       25.477252                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       32.298897                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3828516     86.24%     86.24% |      496212     11.18%     97.41% |       88486      1.99%     99.41% |       24878      0.56%     99.97% |        1425      0.03%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         4439601                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4691609                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        39.581741                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       29.634550                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       37.329714                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4475874     95.40%     95.40% |      212684      4.53%     99.93% |        3030      0.06%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4691609                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        191726                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        13.242596                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       12.091924                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        5.781753                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      136744     71.32%     71.32% |       52355     27.31%     98.63% |        2400      1.25%     99.88% |         207      0.11%     99.99% |          17      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          191726                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     62811302                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.393512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.198010                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     40.459068                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    62725718     99.86%     99.86% |       85456      0.14%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      62811302                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     60224309                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    60224309    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     60224309                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2586993                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.952613                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    80.351685                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   152.649811                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2501409     96.69%     96.69% |       85456      3.30%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2586993                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     55840642                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.383891                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.021307                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      7.757366                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    55840037    100.00%    100.00% |         479      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      55840642                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55556341                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55556341    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     55556341                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       284301                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    76.401483                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    62.872848                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.505561                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      283696     99.79%     99.79% |         479      0.17%     99.96% |          63      0.02%     99.98% |          19      0.01%     99.98% |           9      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.00%     99.99% |           9      0.00%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       284301                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.latency_hist_seqr::samples       729349                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.latency_hist_seqr::mean   346.821444                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.latency_hist_seqr::gmean   249.364253                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.latency_hist_seqr::stdev   171.654039                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.latency_hist_seqr |      216526     29.69%     29.69% |      386800     53.03%     82.72% |      126012     17.28%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.latency_hist_seqr::total       729349                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        25024                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       25024    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        25024                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       704325                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   359.108152                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   303.383142                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   161.592084                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      191502     27.19%     27.19% |      386800     54.92%     82.11% |      126012     17.89%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       704325                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    222795790                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.004575                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000343                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.549054                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   222792214    100.00%    100.00% |        3171      0.00%    100.00% |         259      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    222795790                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    222776126                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   222776126    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    222776126                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        19664                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    52.829790                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.893238                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    27.009884                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       16088     81.81%     81.81% |        3171     16.13%     97.94% |         259      1.32%     99.26% |          94      0.48%     99.74% |          32      0.16%     99.90% |          15      0.08%     99.97% |           4      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        19664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        81175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   197.011297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   130.044757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   175.856317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       48399     59.62%     59.62% |        5471      6.74%     66.36% |        7937      9.78%     76.14% |       14496     17.86%     94.00% |        4871      6.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        81175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3301427                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   172.426921                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.721049                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   177.619719                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3095631     93.77%     93.77% |      205559      6.23%     99.99% |         154      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3301427                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        81033                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   197.244012                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   130.213423                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   175.920930                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       48257     59.55%     59.55% |        5471      6.75%     66.30% |        7937      9.79%     76.10% |       14496     17.89%     93.99% |        4871      6.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        81033                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2354483                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   132.531623                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    81.056784                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   153.170455                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1911610     81.19%     81.19% |      362489     15.40%     96.59% |       80174      3.41%     99.99% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2354483                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          142                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.211268                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    62.068051                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    17.034729                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.70%      0.70% |          22     15.49%     16.20% |          49     34.51%     50.70% |          50     35.21%     85.92% |          12      8.45%     94.37% |           6      4.23%     98.59% |           2      1.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          142                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       273901                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    73.552426                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    62.028376                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.060932                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      273551     99.87%     99.87% |         233      0.09%     99.96% |          59      0.02%     99.98% |          18      0.01%     99.99% |           8      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.00%     99.99% |           9      0.00%     99.99% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       273901                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       653765                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   361.072297                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   304.398853                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   163.674542                      
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      178921     27.37%     27.37% |      349782     53.50%     80.87% |      125051     19.13%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ATOMIC_RETURN.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       653765                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        19278                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    52.335719                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.828678                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    24.905800                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       15819     82.06%     82.06% |        3160     16.39%     98.45% |         184      0.95%     99.40% |          71      0.37%     99.77% |          26      0.13%     99.91% |          14      0.07%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        19278                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |        9188      7.05%      7.05% |       21463     16.47%     23.53% |       22166     17.01%     40.54% |       29721     22.81%     63.35% |       14314     10.99%     74.34% |       11877      9.12%     83.45% |       12768      9.80%     93.25% |        8790      6.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       130287                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        2960      5.33%      5.33% |        9911     17.85%     23.18% |       11384     20.50%     43.68% |       12343     22.23%     65.91% |        5017      9.04%     74.94% |        4168      7.51%     82.45% |        7251     13.06%     95.51% |        2494      4.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        55528                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        9188      7.05%      7.05% |       21463     16.47%     23.53% |       22166     17.01%     40.54% |       29721     22.81%     63.35% |       14314     10.99%     74.34% |       11877      9.12%     83.45% |       12768      9.80%     93.25% |        8790      6.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       130287                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        2960      5.33%      5.33% |        9911     17.85%     23.18% |       11384     20.50%     43.68% |       12343     22.23%     65.91% |        5017      9.04%     74.94% |        4168      7.51%     82.45% |        7251     13.06%     95.51% |        2494      4.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        55528                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        2065      4.99%      4.99% |        7355     17.78%     22.77% |        6629     16.03%     38.80% |       13183     31.87%     70.67% |        5145     12.44%     83.11% |        3523      8.52%     91.63% |        1360      3.29%     94.91% |        2104      5.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        41364                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |        9188      7.05%      7.05% |       21463     16.47%     23.53% |       22166     17.01%     40.54% |       29721     22.81%     63.35% |       14314     10.99%     74.34% |       11877      9.12%     83.45% |       12768      9.80%     93.25% |        8790      6.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       130287                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        2960      5.33%      5.33% |        9911     17.85%     23.18% |       11384     20.50%     43.68% |       12343     22.23%     65.91% |        5017      9.04%     74.94% |        4168      7.51%     82.45% |        7251     13.06%     95.51% |        2494      4.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        55528                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        2065      4.99%      4.99% |        7355     17.78%     22.77% |        6629     16.03%     38.80% |       13183     31.87%     70.67% |        5145     12.44%     83.11% |        3523      8.52%     91.63% |        1360      3.29%     94.91% |        2104      5.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        41364                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |        9188      7.05%      7.05% |       21463     16.47%     23.53% |       22166     17.01%     40.54% |       29721     22.81%     63.35% |       14314     10.99%     74.34% |       11877      9.12%     83.45% |       12768      9.80%     93.25% |        8790      6.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       130287                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        2960      5.33%      5.33% |        9911     17.85%     23.18% |       11384     20.50%     43.68% |       12343     22.23%     65.91% |        5017      9.04%     74.94% |        4168      7.51%     82.45% |        7251     13.06%     95.51% |        2494      4.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        55528                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     2243281     33.38%     33.38% |     1571454     23.38%     56.77% |     1439549     21.42%     78.19% |     1465898     21.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6720182                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |      758467     31.36%     31.36% |      555129     22.95%     54.32% |      549511     22.72%     77.04% |      555305     22.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      2418412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2080810     31.44%     31.44% |     1569556     23.72%     55.16% |     1480994     22.38%     77.53% |     1486929     22.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6618289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       20302     19.68%     19.68% |       26786     25.96%     45.64% |       27981     27.12%     72.75% |       28114     27.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       103183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       37100     30.52%     30.52% |       28594     23.53%     54.05% |       28473     23.43%     77.47% |       27379     22.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       121546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         396     30.23%     30.23% |         257     19.62%     49.85% |         315     24.05%     73.89% |         342     26.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       23410     26.84%     26.84% |       22032     25.26%     52.09% |       21018     24.09%     76.19% |       20773     23.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        87233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          25      2.67%      2.67% |         203     21.64%     24.31% |         319     34.01%     58.32% |         391     41.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       36665     37.14%     37.14% |       21995     22.28%     59.43% |       20036     20.30%     79.73% |       20012     20.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total        98708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        1656     27.34%     27.34% |        1530     25.26%     52.59% |        1472     24.30%     76.89% |        1400     23.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         6058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       15992     15.62%     15.62% |       27081     26.44%     42.06% |       30110     29.40%     71.46% |       29229     28.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       102412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        1046     29.51%     29.51% |         917     25.87%     55.37% |         831     23.44%     78.82% |         751     21.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         3545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2383     43.30%     43.30% |        1061     19.28%     62.58% |        1003     18.23%     80.81% |        1056     19.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         5503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |        9713     36.19%     36.19% |        5831     21.73%     57.92% |        5931     22.10%     80.02% |        5362     19.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total        26837                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       37205     30.25%     30.25% |       29185     23.73%     53.99% |       28689     23.33%     77.32% |       27897     22.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       122976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |         104     26.87%     26.87% |          94     24.29%     51.16% |          95     24.55%     75.71% |          94     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total          387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |         851     34.19%     34.19% |         412     16.55%     50.74% |         741     29.77%     80.51% |         485     19.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total         2489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |         266     23.48%     23.48% |         309     27.27%     50.75% |         324     28.60%     79.35% |         234     20.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         1133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       15180     53.26%     53.26% |        5512     19.34%     72.60% |        4215     14.79%     87.39% |        3595     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        28502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         409      0.77%      0.77% |       15597     29.35%     30.12% |       18181     34.22%     64.34% |       18946     35.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        53133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        4251     20.67%     20.67% |        5407     26.29%     46.97% |        5379     26.16%     73.13% |        5526     26.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        20563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     1303820     28.39%     28.39% |     1140856     24.84%     53.23% |     1068314     23.26%     76.48% |     1080083     23.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      4593073                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |      758363     31.36%     31.36% |      555035     22.95%     54.32% |      549416     22.72%     77.04% |      555211     22.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      2418025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2949     56.73%     56.73% |         868     16.70%     73.43% |         701     13.49%     86.92% |         680     13.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         5198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       11603     20.58%     20.58% |       15512     27.52%     48.10% |       15110     26.80%     74.90% |       14149     25.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        56374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       23068     31.19%     31.19% |       17335     23.44%     54.62% |       17096     23.11%     77.73% |       16470     22.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total        73969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      290831     32.93%     32.93% |      197842     22.40%     55.33% |      191294     21.66%     76.99% |      203267     23.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total       883234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       26557     46.78%     46.78% |       10564     18.61%     65.39% |        9672     17.04%     82.43% |        9975     17.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        56768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         829     10.78%     10.78% |        2639     34.32%     45.10% |        2184     28.40%     73.50% |        2038     26.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         7690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |         729     34.02%     34.02% |         382     17.83%     51.84% |         678     31.64%     83.48% |         354     16.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total         2143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           5      3.14%      3.14% |          69     43.40%     46.54% |          55     34.59%     81.13% |          30     18.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        8508     26.68%     26.68% |        8341     26.16%     52.84% |        7447     23.35%     76.19% |        7591     23.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        31887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      596228     54.58%     54.58% |      198042     18.13%     72.71% |      147020     13.46%     86.17% |      151048     13.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1092338                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     2049808     31.54%     31.54% |     1542044     23.72%     55.26% |     1451485     22.33%     77.59% |     1456737     22.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      6500074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        6406     17.65%     17.65% |        8107     22.33%     39.98% |       10207     28.12%     68.10% |       11579     31.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        36299                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        8984     36.38%     36.38% |        5449     22.07%     58.45% |        5253     21.27%     79.72% |        5008     20.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        24694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         391     33.97%     33.97% |         188     16.33%     50.30% |         260     22.59%     72.89% |         312     27.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |       14897     26.92%     26.92% |       13691     24.74%     51.66% |       13568     24.52%     76.18% |       13181     23.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        55337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |         607     57.64%     57.64% |         208     19.75%     77.40% |         139     13.20%     90.60% |          99      9.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total         1053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |          65     38.01%     38.01% |          19     11.11%     49.12% |          66     38.60%     87.72% |          21     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       36665     37.14%     37.14% |       21995     22.28%     59.43% |       20036     20.30%     79.73% |       20012     20.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total        98708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        1656     27.34%     27.34% |        1530     25.26%     52.59% |        1472     24.30%     76.89% |        1400     23.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         6058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       13559     29.45%     29.45% |       11058     24.02%     53.46% |       11352     24.65%     78.12% |       10075     21.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total        46044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           2     33.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          25      2.67%      2.67% |         203     21.64%     24.31% |         319     34.01%     58.32% |         391     41.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        1826      3.30%      3.30% |       15815     28.59%     31.89% |       18619     33.66%     65.55% |       19055     34.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        55315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |          25      2.83%      2.83% |         307     34.77%     37.60% |         342     38.73%     76.33% |         209     23.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total          883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |         591     93.36%     93.36% |          10      1.58%     94.94% |          17      2.69%     97.63% |          15      2.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total          633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1021     38.35%     38.35% |         610     22.92%     61.27% |         489     18.37%     79.64% |         542     20.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         2662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        2383     43.30%     43.30% |        1061     19.28%     62.58% |        1003     18.23%     80.81% |        1056     19.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         5503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |         607     57.64%     57.64% |         208     19.75%     77.40% |         139     13.20%     90.60% |          99      9.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total         1053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |          17     28.81%     28.81% |          17     28.81%     57.63% |          17     28.81%     86.44% |           8     13.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total           59                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         236     37.64%     37.64% |          71     11.32%     48.96% |         214     34.13%     83.09% |         106     16.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           5     55.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           3     33.33%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |        9708     36.19%     36.19% |        5830     21.73%     57.92% |        5928     22.10%     80.02% |        5361     19.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total        26827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           5     50.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           3     30.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |          55     14.14%     14.14% |          51     13.11%     27.25% |          46     11.83%     39.07% |          47     12.08%     51.16% |          49     12.60%     63.75% |          46     11.83%     75.58% |          44     11.31%     86.89% |          51     13.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total          389                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       18611      7.91%      7.91% |       15943      6.77%     14.68% |       16810      7.14%     21.82% |       15316      6.51%     28.32% |       15633      6.64%     34.97% |       15193      6.45%     41.42% |      122816     52.17%     93.59% |       15089      6.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       235411                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |         593      0.23%      0.23% |         326      0.13%      0.35% |         681      0.26%      0.62% |         587      0.23%      0.84% |        1240      0.48%      1.32% |         664      0.26%      1.58% |      255139     98.27%     99.85% |         400      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       259630                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         752     14.32%     14.32% |         718     13.67%     27.99% |         556     10.59%     38.58% |         505      9.62%     48.20% |         470      8.95%     57.15% |         494      9.41%     66.56% |        1201     22.87%     89.43% |         555     10.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total         5251                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |        3558     13.25%     13.25% |        3126     11.64%     24.90% |        3682     13.72%     38.61% |        3404     12.68%     51.29% |        3496     13.02%     64.32% |        3307     12.32%     76.64% |        3204     11.94%     88.57% |        3068     11.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total        26845                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SC3_GETV  |      342422      6.00%      6.00% |      251361      4.40%     10.40% |      285921      5.01%     15.41% |      210410      3.69%     19.10% |      283942      4.97%     24.07% |      246662      4.32%     28.39% |     3863549     67.68%     96.07% |      224543      3.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SC3_GETV::total      5708810                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SC3_PUTV  |       91150     13.98%     13.98% |       69481     10.65%     24.63% |       99644     15.28%     39.91% |       66580     10.21%     50.12% |      100244     15.37%     65.49% |       76465     11.73%     77.22% |       84614     12.97%     90.19% |       63957      9.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SC3_PUTV::total       652135                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SC3_ATOMIC |        3303      0.09%      0.09% |       29753      0.85%      0.94% |        8051      0.23%      1.17% |         831      0.02%      1.20% |        3137      0.09%      1.29% |         592      0.02%      1.30% |     3457706     98.61%     99.91% |        2998      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SC3_ATOMIC::total      3506371                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        2382      4.70%      4.70% |        6694     13.20%     17.89% |        3987      7.86%     25.75% |        4711      9.29%     35.04% |       11414     22.50%     57.54% |       10758     21.21%     78.75% |        7941     15.65%     94.40% |        2839      5.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total        50726                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        2092      4.38%      4.38% |        1968      4.12%      8.49% |        3674      7.69%     16.18% |        5445     11.39%     27.57% |       14259     29.83%     57.40% |        7338     15.35%     72.75% |       10897     22.80%     95.54% |        2130      4.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        47803                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |        8667      6.65%      6.65% |       12717      9.76%     16.41% |       11849      9.09%     25.51% |       14314     10.99%     36.49% |       29834     22.90%     59.39% |       22254     17.08%     76.47% |       21526     16.52%     93.00% |        9126      7.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       130287                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        4474      4.62%      4.62% |        8562      8.84%     13.45% |        7661      7.91%     21.36% |       10156     10.48%     31.84% |       25644     26.47%     58.31% |       18096     18.68%     76.99% |       17334     17.89%     94.88% |        4965      5.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total        96892                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        4113      4.49%      4.49% |        4014      4.38%      8.87% |        3199      3.49%     12.36% |        3199      3.49%     15.85% |        3784      4.13%     19.98% |        3374      3.68%     23.66% |       66886     72.99%     96.65% |        3072      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        91641                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        3675     11.52%     11.52% |        3369     10.56%     22.09% |        3747     11.75%     33.84% |        3403     10.67%     44.51% |        3244     10.17%     54.68% |        3265     10.24%     64.92% |        7701     24.15%     89.07% |        3487     10.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        31891                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         127      5.11%      5.11% |          40      1.61%      6.71% |         131      5.27%     11.98% |          49      1.97%     13.95% |          23      0.92%     14.88% |          24      0.97%     15.84% |        2025     81.42%     97.27% |          68      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2487                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        3390      5.66%      5.66% |        2688      4.49%     10.14% |        3469      5.79%     15.93% |        2637      4.40%     20.34% |        2498      4.17%     24.51% |        2330      3.89%     28.39% |       40330     67.31%     95.71% |        2571      4.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        59913                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         773     12.76%     12.76% |         654     10.80%     23.56% |         719     11.87%     35.42% |         602      9.94%     45.36% |         578      9.54%     54.90% |         580      9.57%     64.48% |        1528     25.22%     89.70% |         624     10.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         6058                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       11709      7.34%      7.34% |       10892      6.83%     14.17% |       11679      7.32%     21.49% |       10543      6.61%     28.10% |       11122      6.97%     35.07% |       10416      6.53%     41.60% |       83193     52.15%     93.75% |        9972      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       159526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |          13     14.44%     14.44% |          12     13.33%     27.78% |          11     12.22%     40.00% |          14     15.56%     55.56% |          11     12.22%     67.78% |           9     10.00%     77.78% |           9     10.00%     87.78% |          11     12.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total           90                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |         708      8.49%      8.49% |        1275     15.28%     23.77% |         960     11.51%     35.27% |        1052     12.61%     47.88% |        1317     15.78%     63.66% |        1152     13.81%     77.47% |        1170     14.02%     91.49% |         710      8.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total         8344                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |         184      4.61%      4.61% |         160      4.01%      8.61% |         245      6.13%     14.75% |         313      7.84%     22.58% |         751     18.80%     41.39% |         478     11.97%     53.36% |        1667     41.74%     95.09% |         196      4.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total         3994                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.SC3_GETV |        7205      8.29%      8.29% |        9471     10.90%     19.19% |        9124     10.50%     29.70% |       10938     12.59%     42.28% |       19011     21.88%     64.17% |       11933     13.73%     77.90% |       12090     13.92%     91.82% |        7110      8.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.SC3_GETV::total        86882                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.SC3_PUTV |         444      1.48%      1.48% |        1618      5.40%      6.88% |        1049      3.50%     10.38% |        1980      6.60%     16.98% |        8707     29.04%     46.03% |        8682     28.96%     74.99% |        6579     21.95%     96.93% |         919      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.SC3_PUTV::total        29978                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.SC3_ATOMIC |         113     11.31%     11.31% |         181     18.12%     29.43% |         460     46.05%     75.48% |          17      1.70%     77.18% |          37      3.70%     80.88% |           0      0.00%     80.88% |          11      1.10%     81.98% |         180     18.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.SC3_ATOMIC::total          999                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |          37     13.91%     13.91% |          34     12.78%     26.69% |          32     12.03%     38.72% |          32     12.03%     50.75% |          35     13.16%     63.91% |          32     12.03%     75.94% |          29     10.90%     86.84% |          35     13.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total          266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        7423     15.90%     15.90% |        5296     11.34%     27.24% |        5621     12.04%     39.27% |        5238     11.22%     50.49% |        5463     11.70%     62.19% |        5335     11.42%     73.61% |        6901     14.78%     88.39% |        5422     11.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        46699                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          27      1.42%      1.42% |          25      1.31%      2.73% |          42      2.20%      4.93% |          31      1.62%      6.55% |          29      1.52%      8.07% |          25      1.31%      9.38% |        1707     89.47%     98.85% |          22      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total         1908                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         729     15.97%     15.97% |         704     15.42%     31.39% |         550     12.05%     43.44% |         500     10.95%     54.39% |         460     10.08%     64.47% |         493     10.80%     75.27% |         585     12.81%     88.08% |         544     11.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total         4565                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           4     44.44%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.SC3_GETV |      171856     17.26%     17.26% |       99435      9.99%     27.25% |      116669     11.72%     38.97% |       90295      9.07%     48.05% |      112535     11.31%     59.35% |      117352     11.79%     71.14% |      183997     18.48%     89.62% |      103277     10.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.SC3_GETV::total       995416                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.SC3_PUTV |        2636     17.10%     17.10% |        1850     12.00%     29.10% |        1989     12.90%     42.00% |        1784     11.57%     53.57% |        1765     11.45%     65.02% |        1750     11.35%     76.38% |        1788     11.60%     87.97% |        1854     12.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.SC3_PUTV::total        15416                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.SC3_ATOMIC |          66      0.19%      0.19% |         277      0.80%      0.99% |          87      0.25%      1.24% |          50      0.14%      1.39% |          62      0.18%      1.57% |           9      0.03%      1.59% |       33974     98.26%     99.85% |          51      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.SC3_ATOMIC::total        34576                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |         289     19.29%     19.29% |         168     11.21%     30.51% |         243     16.22%     46.73% |         204     13.62%     60.35% |          59      3.94%     64.29% |          68      4.54%     68.83% |         187     12.48%     81.31% |         280     18.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         1498                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |          97     13.23%     13.23% |          35      4.77%     18.01% |         133     18.14%     36.15% |          92     12.55%     48.70% |          41      5.59%     54.30% |          57      7.78%     62.07% |         209     28.51%     90.59% |          69      9.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total          733                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4     13.79%     13.79% |           4     13.79%     27.59% |           3     10.34%     37.93% |           1      3.45%     41.38% |           3     10.34%     51.72% |           5     17.24%     68.97% |           5     17.24%     86.21% |           4     13.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |        9695     10.73%     10.73% |        8601      9.52%     20.25% |        9495     10.51%     30.75% |        8412      9.31%     40.06% |        8264      9.14%     49.20% |        8116      8.98%     58.19% |       29463     32.60%     90.79% |        8325      9.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total        90371                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |         326      0.66%      0.66% |         122      0.25%      0.91% |         368      0.75%      1.66% |         225      0.46%      2.12% |         292      0.60%      2.72% |         150      0.31%      3.02% |       47390     96.63%     99.66% |         168      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        49041                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.SC3_GETV |      156487     10.00%     10.00% |      135943      8.68%     18.68% |      154079      9.84%     28.52% |      103439      6.61%     35.13% |      146795      9.38%     44.51% |      111795      7.14%     51.65% |      648631     41.44%     93.09% |      108195      6.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.SC3_GETV::total      1565364                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.SC3_PUTV |       87923     14.52%     14.52% |       65813     10.87%     25.39% |       95984     15.85%     41.24% |       62789     10.37%     51.61% |       89687     14.81%     66.42% |       65951     10.89%     77.32% |       76223     12.59%     89.91% |       61124     10.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.SC3_PUTV::total       605494                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.SC3_ATOMIC |        2999      0.51%      0.51% |       29197      5.01%      5.52% |        7325      1.26%      6.78% |         706      0.12%      6.90% |        2972      0.51%      7.41% |         568      0.10%      7.50% |      536808     92.04%     99.54% |        2675      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.SC3_ATOMIC::total       583250                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        1964      4.09%      4.09% |        6167     12.83%     16.92% |        3575      7.44%     24.35% |        4378      9.11%     33.46% |       11289     23.49%     56.95% |       10639     22.13%     79.08% |        7668     15.95%     95.03% |        2388      4.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total        48068                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1766      4.58%      4.58% |        1236      3.21%      7.79% |        3093      8.02%     15.81% |        4663     12.10%     27.91% |       12718     32.99%     60.90% |        6243     16.19%     77.09% |        6999     18.16%     95.25% |        1833      4.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38551                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         773     12.76%     12.76% |         654     10.80%     23.56% |         719     11.87%     35.42% |         602      9.94%     45.36% |         578      9.54%     54.90% |         580      9.57%     64.48% |        1528     25.22%     89.70% |         624     10.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         6058                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          41      3.13%      3.13% |           7      0.53%      3.66% |          20      1.53%      5.19% |          10      0.76%      5.95% |           9      0.69%      6.64% |           2      0.15%      6.79% |        1212     92.52%     99.31% |           9      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         1310                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |        3556     13.26%     13.26% |        3124     11.64%     24.90% |        3674     13.70%     38.60% |        3404     12.69%     51.28% |        3494     13.02%     64.31% |        3307     12.33%     76.64% |        3200     11.93%     88.56% |        3068     11.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total        26827                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.SC3_GETV |        6721      8.28%      8.28% |        5955      7.34%     15.62% |        5882      7.25%     22.86% |        5613      6.91%     29.78% |        5394      6.64%     36.42% |        5376      6.62%     43.04% |       40481     49.87%     92.91% |        5753      7.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.SC3_GETV::total        81175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.SC3_PUTV |         136     13.51%     13.51% |         133     13.21%     26.71% |         607     60.28%     86.99% |          20      1.99%     88.98% |          33      3.28%     92.25% |          28      2.78%     95.03% |           7      0.70%     95.73% |          43      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.SC3_PUTV::total         1007                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.SC3_ATOMIC |         102      0.29%      0.29% |          43      0.12%      0.41% |         138      0.39%      0.81% |          55      0.16%      0.97% |          57      0.16%      1.13% |          12      0.03%      1.16% |       34473     98.66%     99.83% |          61      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.SC3_ATOMIC::total        34941                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         129     11.12%     11.12% |         359     30.95%     42.07% |         169     14.57%     56.64% |         129     11.12%     67.76% |          66      5.69%     73.45% |          51      4.40%     77.84% |          86      7.41%     85.26% |         171     14.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total         1160                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         229      3.33%      3.33% |         597      8.67%     12.00% |         448      6.51%     18.51% |         690     10.03%     28.54% |        1471     21.37%     49.91% |        1038     15.08%     65.00% |        2185     31.75%     96.75% |         224      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         6882                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           5      3.29%      3.29% |         103     67.76%     71.05% |          10      6.58%     77.63% |           8      5.26%     82.89% |           9      5.92%     88.82% |           4      2.63%     91.45% |           8      5.26%     96.71% |           5      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           3      0.30%      0.30% |           9      0.91%      1.21% |           4      0.40%      1.62% |           6      0.61%      2.22% |         117     11.82%     14.04% |           6      0.61%     14.65% |         841     84.95%     99.60% |           4      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          990                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.SC3_GETV |          49      5.43%      5.43% |         367     40.64%     46.07% |          57      6.31%     52.38% |          39      4.32%     56.70% |         104     11.52%     68.22% |         114     12.62%     80.84% |         125     13.84%     94.68% |          48      5.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.SC3_GETV::total          903                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.SC3_PUTV |          11      4.82%      4.82% |          60     26.32%     31.14% |          12      5.26%     36.40% |           7      3.07%     39.47% |          51     22.37%     61.84% |          54     23.68%     85.53% |          17      7.46%     92.98% |          16      7.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.SC3_PUTV::total          228                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.SC3_ATOMIC |          11     10.48%     10.48% |          47     44.76%     55.24% |          25     23.81%     79.05% |           0      0.00%     79.05% |           5      4.76%     83.81% |           0      0.00%     83.81% |           0      0.00%     83.81% |          17     16.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.SC3_ATOMIC::total          105                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        4474      4.62%      4.62% |        8562      8.84%     13.45% |        7661      7.91%     21.36% |       10156     10.48%     31.84% |       25644     26.47%     58.31% |       18096     18.68%     76.99% |       17334     17.89%     94.88% |        4965      5.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total        96892                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.SC3_PUTV |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.SC3_PUTV::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          20      5.63%      5.63% |         193     54.37%     60.00% |          31      8.73%     68.73% |          14      3.94%     72.68% |          32      9.01%     81.69% |          19      5.35%     87.04% |          14      3.94%     90.99% |          32      9.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          355                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |         109     13.54%     13.54% |         166     20.62%     34.16% |         138     17.14%     51.30% |         115     14.29%     65.59% |          34      4.22%     69.81% |          32      3.98%     73.79% |          72      8.94%     82.73% |         139     17.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total          805                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           2     28.57%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.76%      0.76% |           0      0.00%      0.76% |           1      0.38%      1.14% |          32     12.17%     13.31% |           3      1.14%     14.45% |         225     85.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total          263                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.SC3_GETV |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.SC3_GETV::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.SC3_PUTV |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.SC3_PUTV::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          67      1.40%      1.40% |         537     11.18%     12.58% |         181      3.77%     16.35% |         319      6.64%     22.99% |         967     20.14%     43.13% |         652     13.58%     56.71% |        1984     41.32%     98.02% |          95      1.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total         4802                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         162      7.79%      7.79% |          60      2.89%     10.68% |         266     12.79%     23.47% |         371     17.85%     41.32% |         504     24.24%     65.56% |         386     18.57%     84.13% |         201      9.67%     93.80% |         129      6.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2079                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.SC3_GETV |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.SC3_GETV::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          18     13.24%     13.24% |          11      8.09%     21.32% |          22     16.18%     37.50% |          13      9.56%     47.06% |           8      5.88%     52.94% |          11      8.09%     61.03% |          43     31.62%     92.65% |          10      7.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          136                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |          97     13.23%     13.23% |          35      4.77%     18.01% |         133     18.14%     36.15% |          92     12.55%     48.70% |          41      5.59%     54.30% |          57      7.78%     62.07% |         209     28.51%     90.59% |          69      9.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total          733                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.SC3_PUTV |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.SC3_PUTV::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          57     22.27%     22.27% |          21      8.20%     30.47% |          33     12.89%     43.36% |          33     12.89%     56.25% |          13      5.08%     61.33% |          12      4.69%     66.02% |          36     14.06%     80.08% |          51     19.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          256                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |         289     19.29%     19.29% |         168     11.21%     30.51% |         243     16.22%     46.73% |         204     13.62%     60.35% |          59      3.94%     64.29% |          68      4.54%     68.83% |         187     12.48%     81.31% |         280     18.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         1498                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.SC3_GETV |           3      8.33%      8.33% |           8     22.22%     30.56% |           3      8.33%     38.89% |           6     16.67%     55.56% |           3      8.33%     63.89% |           2      5.56%     69.44% |           6     16.67%     86.11% |           5     13.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.SC3_GETV::total           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.SC3_ATOMIC |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.SC3_ATOMIC::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     81.82%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |         707      8.48%      8.48% |        1273     15.27%     23.75% |         959     11.50%     35.25% |        1052     12.62%     47.87% |        1317     15.80%     63.66% |        1152     13.82%     77.48% |        1169     14.02%     91.50% |         709      8.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total         8338                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |          14     14.58%     14.58% |          14     14.58%     29.17% |          12     12.50%     41.67% |          14     14.58%     56.25% |          11     11.46%     67.71% |           9      9.38%     77.08% |          10     10.42%     87.50% |          12     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total           96                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.SC3_ATOMIC |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.SC3_ATOMIC::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L2_Replacement_clean::total           84                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |         184      4.61%      4.61% |         160      4.01%      8.61% |         245      6.13%     14.75% |         313      7.84%     22.58% |         751     18.80%     41.39% |         478     11.97%     53.36% |        1667     41.74%     95.09% |         196      4.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total         3994                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IV.L1_GET_INSTR |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IV.L1_GET_INSTR::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IV.L1_GETS |           4     23.53%     23.53% |           5     29.41%     52.94% |           2     11.76%     64.71% |           1      5.88%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           1      5.88%     76.47% |           4     23.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IV.L1_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IV.SC3_GETV |          44      9.57%      9.57% |         128     27.83%     37.39% |          55     11.96%     49.35% |          40      8.70%     58.04% |          21      4.57%     62.61% |          24      5.22%     67.83% |          77     16.74%     84.57% |          71     15.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IV.SC3_GETV::total          460                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IV.SC3_PUTV |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IV.SC3_PUTV::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IV.SC3_ATOMIC |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IV.SC3_ATOMIC::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IV.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          60      4.11%      4.11% |           0      0.00%      4.11% |           0      0.00%      4.11% |          19      1.30%      5.41% |           0      0.00%      5.41% |        1382     94.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IV.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1461                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IV.Mem_Data |        7205      8.29%      8.29% |        9471     10.90%     19.19% |        9124     10.50%     29.70% |       10938     12.59%     42.28% |       19011     21.88%     64.17% |       11933     13.73%     77.90% |       12090     13.92%     91.82% |        7110      8.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IV.Mem_Data::total        86882                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP_MV.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP_MV.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP_MV.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP_MV.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP_MV.SC3_GETV |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP_MV.SC3_GETV::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP_MV.SC3_ATOMIC |           5     19.23%     19.23% |           0      0.00%     19.23% |          10     38.46%     57.69% |           0      0.00%     57.69% |           1      3.85%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |          10     38.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP_MV.SC3_ATOMIC::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP_MV.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          29     39.19%     39.19% |           0      0.00%     39.19% |           0      0.00%     39.19% |           9     12.16%     51.35% |           0      0.00%     51.35% |          34     45.95%     97.30% |           2      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP_MV.L2_Replacement_clean::total           74                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP_MV.Mem_Data |         557      1.80%      1.80% |        1799      5.81%      7.61% |        1509      4.87%     12.48% |        1997      6.45%     18.92% |        8744     28.23%     47.15% |        8682     28.03%     75.18% |        6590     21.27%     96.45% |        1099      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP_MV.Mem_Data::total        30977                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |           1      0.13%      0.13% |           1      0.13%      0.25% |           0      0.00%      0.25% |           1      0.13%      0.38% |           0      0.00%      0.38% |           0      0.00%      0.38% |         790     99.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total          793                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |           1      0.08%      0.08% |           0      0.00%      0.08% |           0      0.00%      0.08% |           0      0.00%      0.08% |           1      0.08%      0.17% |           0      0.00%      0.17% |        1194     99.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         1196                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.43%      1.43% |           0      0.00%      1.43% |           0      0.00%      1.43% |           0      0.00%      1.43% |           0      0.00%      1.43% |          69     98.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total           70                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.SC3_GETV |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.00%      0.01% |       25128     99.98%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.SC3_GETV::total        25132                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.SC3_ATOMIC |           2      0.01%      0.01% |           3      0.01%      0.02% |           1      0.00%      0.02% |           3      0.01%      0.03% |           3      0.01%      0.05% |           2      0.01%      0.05% |       26266     99.93%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.SC3_ATOMIC::total        26284                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         756     11.68%     11.68% |         729     11.26%     22.94% |         592      9.15%     32.09% |         531      8.20%     40.29% |         489      7.55%     47.84% |         518      8.00%     55.85% |        2292     35.41%     91.26% |         566      8.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total         6473                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           1      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.01%      0.01% |       30890     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total        30893                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           6      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           1      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       72437     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total        72444                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.SC3_GETV |          21      0.00%      0.00% |          12      0.00%      0.00% |          15      0.00%      0.00% |           6      0.00%      0.00% |          28      0.00%      0.01% |          12      0.00%      0.01% |     1164106     99.99%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.SC3_GETV::total      1164220                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.SC3_PUTV |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           3     42.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.SC3_PUTV::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.SC3_ATOMIC |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1064942    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.SC3_ATOMIC::total      1064948                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       10953      7.16%      7.16% |       10163      6.64%     13.80% |       11087      7.24%     21.04% |       10012      6.54%     27.58% |       10633      6.95%     34.53% |        9898      6.47%     41.00% |       80901     52.86%     93.85% |        9406      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       153053                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         193    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total          193                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.17%      0.17% |           0      0.00%      0.17% |         571     99.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total          572                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |           6     50.00%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           1      8.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      8.33%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           3     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.SC3_GETV |           2      0.02%      0.02% |           2      0.02%      0.04% |           1      0.01%      0.05% |           0      0.00%      0.05% |           3      0.03%      0.09% |           1      0.01%      0.10% |        9366     99.88%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.SC3_GETV::total         9377                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.SC3_ATOMIC |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7825    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.SC3_ATOMIC::total         7825                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         400     13.40%     13.40% |         297      9.95%     23.34% |         337     11.29%     34.63% |         275      9.21%     43.84% |         262      8.77%     52.61% |         242      8.10%     60.72% |         898     30.07%     90.79% |         275      9.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         2986                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         247     12.90%     12.90% |         241     12.59%     25.50% |         249     13.01%     38.51% |         207     10.82%     49.32% |         195     10.19%     59.51% |         191      9.98%     69.49% |         376     19.64%     89.13% |         208     10.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         1914                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |         126     10.88%     10.88% |         116     10.02%     20.90% |         133     11.49%     32.38% |         120     10.36%     42.75% |         121     10.45%     53.20% |         147     12.69%     65.89% |         254     21.93%     87.82% |         141     12.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         1158                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           1      4.76%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           4     19.05%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |          12     57.14%     90.48% |           2      9.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.SC3_GETV |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.SC3_GETV::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.SC3_ATOMIC |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.SC3_ATOMIC::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          81     12.40%     12.40% |          87     13.32%     25.73% |          74     11.33%     37.06% |          57      8.73%     45.79% |          61      9.34%     55.13% |          78     11.94%     67.08% |         152     23.28%     90.35% |          63      9.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total          653                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          45      8.91%      8.91% |          29      5.74%     14.65% |          59     11.68%     26.34% |          63     12.48%     38.81% |          60     11.88%     50.69% |          69     13.66%     64.36% |         102     20.20%     84.55% |          78     15.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          505                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |          11     91.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |           6     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.SC3_GETV |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.SC3_GETV::total           62                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.SC3_ATOMIC |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         354    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.SC3_ATOMIC::total          354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         647     13.20%     13.20% |         538     10.98%     24.18% |         586     11.96%     36.14% |         482      9.84%     45.98% |         457      9.33%     55.31% |         433      8.84%     64.14% |        1274     26.00%     90.14% |         483      9.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         4900                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           1      0.01%      0.02% |           1      0.01%      0.02% |       16514     99.97%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.L1_GETS::total        16519                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       41303    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.L1_GETX::total        41303                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.L1_UPGRADE |           7     20.00%     20.00% |           6     17.14%     37.14% |           3      8.57%     45.71% |           1      2.86%     48.57% |           0      0.00%     48.57% |           1      2.86%     51.43% |          14     40.00%     91.43% |           3      8.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.L1_UPGRADE::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.L1_PUTX |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           4     50.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.L1_PUTX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.SC3_GETV |          33      0.01%      0.01% |          32      0.01%      0.01% |          36      0.01%      0.02% |          34      0.01%      0.02% |          45      0.01%      0.03% |          52      0.01%      0.04% |      619351     99.95%     99.99% |          60      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.SC3_GETV::total       619643                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.SC3_ATOMIC |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      592135    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.SC3_ATOMIC::total       592135                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.WB_Data |        3338      6.46%      6.46% |        2856      5.52%     11.98% |        2444      4.73%     16.71% |        2480      4.80%     21.50% |        2405      4.65%     26.15% |        2371      4.59%     30.74% |       33258     64.32%     95.06% |        2552      4.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.WB_Data::total        51704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.WB_Data_clean |        3383     11.48%     11.48% |        3099     10.52%     21.99% |        3438     11.67%     33.66% |        3133     10.63%     44.29% |        2989     10.14%     54.43% |        3005     10.20%     64.63% |        7223     24.51%     89.14% |        3201     10.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IVB.WB_Data_clean::total        29471                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MV.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       16503    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MV.L1_GETS::total        16503                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MV.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       44670    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MV.L1_GETX::total        44672                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MV.L1_UPGRADE |           3      0.56%      0.56% |           5      0.93%      1.48% |           1      0.19%      1.67% |           4      0.74%      2.41% |           5      0.93%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |         516     95.56%     98.89% |           6      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MV.L1_UPGRADE::total          540                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MV.SC3_GETV |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      548960    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MV.SC3_GETV::total       548961                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MV.SC3_ATOMIC |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.00%      0.00% |      595264    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MV.SC3_ATOMIC::total       595268                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MV.Ack |          52      2.48%      2.48% |           8      0.38%      2.86% |          76      3.63%      6.49% |           3      0.14%      6.63% |           2      0.10%      6.73% |           1      0.05%      6.78% |        1946     92.89%     99.67% |           7      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MV.Ack::total         2095                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MV.Ack_all |        2702      5.40%      5.40% |        2127      4.25%      9.66% |        2076      4.15%     13.81% |        1834      3.67%     17.48% |        1827      3.65%     21.14% |        1759      3.52%     24.65% |       35762     71.54%     96.19% |        1905      3.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MV.Ack_all::total        49992                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MV.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       18838     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MV.L1_GETS::total        18839                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MV.L1_GETX |           5      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           1      0.00%      0.01% |           4      0.01%      0.02% |           0      0.00%      0.02% |       41903     99.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MV.L1_GETX::total        41913                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MV.SC3_GETV |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      611168    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MV.SC3_GETV::total       611168                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MV.SC3_ATOMIC |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      565622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MV.SC3_ATOMIC::total       565624                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MV.WB_Data |         207      0.66%      0.66% |          44      0.14%      0.81% |         132      0.42%      1.23% |          54      0.17%      1.40% |          57      0.18%      1.59% |          12      0.04%      1.62% |       30580     98.20%     99.82% |          55      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MV.WB_Data::total        31141                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MV.Ack_all |          31      0.65%      0.65% |         132      2.75%      3.39% |         613     12.75%     16.15% |          21      0.44%     16.58% |          33      0.69%     17.27% |          28      0.58%     17.85% |        3899     81.13%     98.98% |          49      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MV.Ack_all::total         4806                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Load          |     1013437      1.81%      1.81% |     1026098      1.83%      3.64% |     1028014      1.83%      5.47% |     1048743      1.87%      7.34% |      961835      1.71%      9.05% |      995172      1.77%     10.83% |     1018655      1.82%     12.64% |     1014393      1.81%     14.45% |      949010      1.69%     16.14% |      956688      1.71%     17.85% |      997815      1.78%     19.63% |      956548      1.71%     21.33% |     1127499      2.01%     23.34% |      907379      1.62%     24.96% |      939158      1.67%     26.64% |     1008431      1.80%     28.43% |      942269      1.68%     30.11% |      943732      1.68%     31.80% |      997166      1.78%     33.57% |      949073      1.69%     35.27% |      931129      1.66%     36.93% |     1006986      1.80%     38.72% |      978060      1.74%     40.46% |      932295      1.66%     42.13% |      923436      1.65%     43.77% |      881748      1.57%     45.35% |      882977      1.57%     46.92% |      984003      1.75%     48.67% |      840086      1.50%     50.17% |      849221      1.51%     51.69% |      942175      1.68%     53.37% |      867228      1.55%     54.91% |      899259      1.60%     56.51% |     1014211      1.81%     58.32% |     1020951      1.82%     60.14% |     1066091      1.90%     62.04% |      898340      1.60%     63.65% |      902208      1.61%     65.25% |      856109      1.53%     66.78% |      885102      1.58%     68.36% |      915725      1.63%     69.99% |      881298      1.57%     71.56% |      962649      1.72%     73.28% |      872859      1.56%     74.83% |      942328      1.68%     76.51% |      878448      1.57%     78.08% |      891719      1.59%     79.67% |      886679      1.58%     81.25% |      940588      1.68%     82.93% |      900514      1.61%     84.53% |      881397      1.57%     86.10% |      862321      1.54%     87.64% |      827702      1.48%     89.12% |      823882      1.47%     90.59% |      871713      1.55%     92.14% |      917754      1.64%     93.78% |      910294      1.62%     95.40% |      896266      1.60%     97.00% |      845739      1.51%     98.50% |      838601      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Load::total       56091206                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Ifetch        |     3993036      1.81%      1.81% |     4046581      1.84%      3.65% |     4057389      1.84%      5.49% |     4119888      1.87%      7.36% |     3824406      1.74%      9.09% |     3888524      1.76%     10.86% |     4032857      1.83%     12.69% |     3999070      1.81%     14.50% |     3746878      1.70%     16.20% |     3777726      1.71%     17.92% |     3878408      1.76%     19.68% |     3798287      1.72%     21.40% |     4360051      1.98%     23.38% |     3574106      1.62%     25.00% |     3695185      1.68%     26.68% |     3891616      1.77%     28.44% |     3703499      1.68%     30.12% |     3673119      1.67%     31.79% |     3927785      1.78%     33.57% |     3773389      1.71%     35.29% |     3626167      1.65%     36.93% |     3907020      1.77%     38.70% |     3842849      1.74%     40.45% |     3593289      1.63%     42.08% |     3583106      1.63%     43.70% |     3485951      1.58%     45.29% |     3535713      1.60%     46.89% |     3908268      1.77%     48.66% |     3342613      1.52%     50.18% |     3362667      1.53%     51.71% |     3658029      1.66%     53.37% |     3420788      1.55%     54.92% |     3519109      1.60%     56.52% |     3948542      1.79%     58.31% |     4026993      1.83%     60.13% |     4067486      1.85%     61.98% |     3530131      1.60%     63.58% |     3524328      1.60%     65.18% |     3370161      1.53%     66.71% |     3488263      1.58%     68.29% |     3588427      1.63%     69.92% |     3476532      1.58%     71.50% |     3692566      1.68%     73.17% |     3454601      1.57%     74.74% |     3643425      1.65%     76.40% |     3479850      1.58%     77.97% |     3455043      1.57%     79.54% |     3480671      1.58%     81.12% |     3691229      1.67%     82.80% |     3543186      1.61%     84.40% |     3498406      1.59%     85.99% |     3413455      1.55%     87.54% |     3298521      1.50%     89.04% |     3244052      1.47%     90.51% |     3424420      1.55%     92.06% |     3603519      1.64%     93.70% |     3576128      1.62%     95.32% |     3536064      1.60%     96.93% |     3392980      1.54%     98.47% |     3381031      1.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Ifetch::total    220377379                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Store         |      888742      1.80%      1.80% |      891661      1.81%      3.61% |      900716      1.83%      5.44% |      921491      1.87%      7.31% |      843452      1.71%      9.02% |      879358      1.78%     10.80% |      886504      1.80%     12.60% |      876590      1.78%     14.38% |      837201      1.70%     16.08% |      844934      1.71%     17.79% |      886786      1.80%     19.59% |      846399      1.72%     21.31% |      968993      1.97%     23.27% |      804281      1.63%     24.90% |      828369      1.68%     26.58% |      883292      1.79%     28.38% |      826972      1.68%     30.05% |      836886      1.70%     31.75% |      867311      1.76%     33.51% |      831141      1.69%     35.20% |      824726      1.67%     36.87% |      877257      1.78%     38.65% |      847506      1.72%     40.37% |      831485      1.69%     42.05% |      816347      1.66%     43.71% |      781164      1.58%     45.29% |      781420      1.59%     46.88% |      848344      1.72%     48.60% |      745251      1.51%     50.11% |      752629      1.53%     51.64% |      825950      1.68%     53.31% |      767593      1.56%     54.87% |      795416      1.61%     56.48% |      879871      1.78%     58.27% |      869888      1.76%     60.03% |      930493      1.89%     61.92% |      792618      1.61%     63.53% |      795559      1.61%     65.14% |      757954      1.54%     66.68% |      775371      1.57%     68.25% |      803248      1.63%     69.88% |      779726      1.58%     71.46% |      850057      1.72%     73.19% |      778311      1.58%     74.77% |      824135      1.67%     76.44% |      772242      1.57%     78.01% |      792041      1.61%     79.61% |      781574      1.59%     81.20% |      814611      1.65%     82.85% |      794028      1.61%     84.46% |      778076      1.58%     86.04% |      765127      1.55%     87.59% |      735281      1.49%     89.08% |      738823      1.50%     90.58% |      768679      1.56%     92.14% |      801857      1.63%     93.77% |      797380      1.62%     95.38% |      787845      1.60%     96.98% |      748390      1.52%     98.50% |      739214      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Store::total      49298566                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Atomic        |       11420      1.75%      1.75% |       11114      1.70%      3.45% |       11369      1.74%      5.19% |       10951      1.67%      6.86% |       11276      1.72%      8.59% |       11180      1.71%     10.30% |       11756      1.80%     12.09% |       11078      1.69%     13.79% |       12061      1.84%     15.63% |       11912      1.82%     17.45% |       11414      1.75%     19.20% |       11870      1.82%     21.02% |        9465      1.45%     22.46% |       11456      1.75%     24.22% |       11534      1.76%     25.98% |       10884      1.66%     27.64% |       11411      1.75%     29.39% |       11337      1.73%     31.12% |       10942      1.67%     32.80% |       11384      1.74%     34.54% |       10565      1.62%     36.16% |       10020      1.53%     37.69% |       10695      1.64%     39.32% |       11191      1.71%     41.04% |       11104      1.70%     42.73% |       11725      1.79%     44.53% |       12436      1.90%     46.43% |       10854      1.66%     48.09% |       11140      1.70%     49.79% |       11129      1.70%     51.50% |       10484      1.60%     53.10% |       11455      1.75%     54.85% |       11344      1.74%     56.59% |       10503      1.61%     58.19% |        9673      1.48%     59.67% |        9668      1.48%     61.15% |       10455      1.60%     62.75% |       10355      1.58%     64.33% |       11061      1.69%     66.03% |       11019      1.69%     67.71% |       10739      1.64%     69.35% |       11625      1.78%     71.13% |       10217      1.56%     72.69% |       11414      1.75%     74.44% |        9205      1.41%     75.85% |       10459      1.60%     77.45% |       10510      1.61%     79.06% |       10560      1.62%     80.67% |        9888      1.51%     82.18% |       10966      1.68%     83.86% |       11154      1.71%     85.57% |       10770      1.65%     87.21% |       10533      1.61%     88.82% |       10608      1.62%     90.45% |       10217      1.56%     92.01% |        9955      1.52%     93.53% |       10141      1.55%     95.08% |       10456      1.60%     96.68% |       11068      1.69%     98.38% |       10617      1.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Atomic::total       653792                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Flush         |       12713      1.73%      1.73% |       13294      1.81%      3.53% |       13954      1.90%      5.43% |       13177      1.79%      7.22% |       11728      1.59%      8.82% |       13354      1.82%     10.63% |       14782      2.01%     12.64% |       15778      2.14%     14.79% |       11891      1.62%     16.40% |       11586      1.57%     17.98% |       12203      1.66%     19.64% |       11958      1.63%     21.26% |       17073      2.32%     23.58% |       11173      1.52%     25.10% |       11292      1.53%     26.63% |       13685      1.86%     28.49% |       12157      1.65%     30.15% |       11875      1.61%     31.76% |       11438      1.55%     33.32% |       11112      1.51%     34.83% |       11809      1.61%     36.43% |       13746      1.87%     38.30% |       12955      1.76%     40.06% |       12435      1.69%     41.75% |       12457      1.69%     43.44% |       11361      1.54%     44.99% |       11972      1.63%     46.61% |       14229      1.93%     48.55% |        9372      1.27%     49.82% |       10447      1.42%     51.24% |       15164      2.06%     53.30% |       11192      1.52%     54.82% |       12461      1.69%     56.52% |       14239      1.94%     58.45% |       13530      1.84%     60.29% |       17612      2.39%     62.69% |       11378      1.55%     64.23% |       11536      1.57%     65.80% |       12110      1.65%     67.45% |       12133      1.65%     69.10% |       10897      1.48%     70.58% |       12087      1.64%     72.22% |       12366      1.68%     73.90% |       12407      1.69%     75.59% |       12167      1.65%     77.24% |       11165      1.52%     78.76% |       12770      1.74%     80.49% |       11494      1.56%     82.06% |       12850      1.75%     83.80% |       10779      1.47%     85.27% |       10923      1.48%     86.75% |       10558      1.44%     88.19% |        9815      1.33%     89.52% |       11314      1.54%     91.06% |       10558      1.44%     92.50% |       11223      1.53%     94.02% |       11992      1.63%     95.65% |       12299      1.67%     97.32% |       10173      1.38%     98.70% |        9529      1.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Flush::total        735727                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Inv           |        9479      1.85%      1.85% |        8262      1.61%      3.46% |        9249      1.80%      5.26% |        9828      1.92%      7.18% |        8826      1.72%      8.90% |        9598      1.87%     10.77% |        8971      1.75%     12.51% |        8454      1.65%     14.16% |        8639      1.68%     15.85% |        9012      1.76%     17.60% |        9650      1.88%     19.48% |        8579      1.67%     21.16% |        9531      1.86%     23.01% |        8528      1.66%     24.67% |        8903      1.74%     26.41% |        9050      1.76%     28.17% |        8192      1.60%     29.77% |        9296      1.81%     31.58% |        9338      1.82%     33.40% |        8616      1.68%     35.08% |        8914      1.74%     36.82% |        9460      1.84%     38.66% |        8889      1.73%     40.39% |        8877      1.73%     42.12% |        8602      1.68%     43.80% |        8457      1.65%     45.45% |        8145      1.59%     47.04% |        8011      1.56%     48.60% |        7420      1.45%     50.04% |        8159      1.59%     51.63% |        8863      1.73%     53.36% |        8005      1.56%     54.92% |        8274      1.61%     56.53% |        9063      1.77%     58.30% |        9336      1.82%     60.12% |        8852      1.73%     61.85% |        8153      1.59%     63.43% |        8394      1.64%     65.07% |        8254      1.61%     66.68% |        7697      1.50%     68.18% |        8607      1.68%     69.86% |        7999      1.56%     71.42% |        8644      1.68%     73.10% |        8072      1.57%     74.67% |        8287      1.62%     76.29% |        8726      1.70%     77.99% |        8722      1.70%     79.69% |        8537      1.66%     81.35% |        8101      1.58%     82.93% |        8420      1.64%     84.57% |        8034      1.57%     86.14% |        8108      1.58%     87.72% |        7397      1.44%     89.16% |        7413      1.44%     90.61% |        7628      1.49%     92.09% |        8512      1.66%     93.75% |        8479      1.65%     95.40% |        8319      1.62%     97.02% |        7915      1.54%     98.57% |        7352      1.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Inv::total          513098                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.InvX1         |         783      1.54%      1.54% |        1190      2.34%      3.88% |        1072      2.11%      5.98% |         742      1.46%      7.44% |         707      1.39%      8.83% |         799      1.57%     10.40% |        1111      2.18%     12.58% |        1485      2.92%     15.49% |         706      1.39%     16.88% |         603      1.18%     18.07% |         765      1.50%     19.57% |         666      1.31%     20.88% |        1640      3.22%     24.10% |         593      1.16%     25.26% |         509      1.00%     26.26% |        1147      2.25%     28.51% |         829      1.63%     30.14% |         595      1.17%     31.31% |         608      1.19%     32.51% |         559      1.10%     33.60% |         628      1.23%     34.84% |        1163      2.28%     37.12% |         927      1.82%     38.94% |         834      1.64%     40.58% |         980      1.92%     42.51% |         517      1.02%     43.52% |         775      1.52%     45.04% |        1529      3.00%     48.05% |         602      1.18%     49.23% |         506      0.99%     50.22% |        1171      2.30%     52.52% |         618      1.21%     53.74% |         817      1.60%     55.34% |        1232      2.42%     57.76% |        1055      2.07%     59.83% |        1920      3.77%     63.60% |         759      1.49%     65.09% |         738      1.45%     66.54% |         790      1.55%     68.10% |        1033      2.03%     70.12% |         646      1.27%     71.39% |         862      1.69%     73.09% |        1073      2.11%     75.19% |         787      1.55%     76.74% |        1208      2.37%     79.11% |         597      1.17%     80.28% |         905      1.78%     82.06% |         644      1.26%     83.33% |         998      1.96%     85.29% |         622      1.22%     86.51% |         640      1.26%     87.77% |         549      1.08%     88.84% |         652      1.28%     90.12% |         895      1.76%     91.88% |         814      1.60%     93.48% |         712      1.40%     94.88% |         773      1.52%     96.40% |         942      1.85%     98.25% |         470      0.92%     99.17% |         422      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.InvX1::total         50914                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Data          |       48650      1.78%      1.78% |       48918      1.79%      3.58% |       49548      1.82%      5.39% |       49308      1.81%      7.20% |       45447      1.67%      8.86% |       48429      1.77%     10.64% |       48881      1.79%     12.43% |       51146      1.87%     14.30% |       46773      1.71%     16.02% |       46690      1.71%     17.73% |       48568      1.78%     19.51% |       46724      1.71%     21.22% |       53334      1.95%     23.18% |       44761      1.64%     24.82% |       46106      1.69%     26.51% |       48576      1.78%     28.29% |       46722      1.71%     30.00% |       46144      1.69%     31.69% |       47187      1.73%     33.42% |       45077      1.65%     35.07% |       44560      1.63%     36.70% |       48782      1.79%     38.49% |       47093      1.73%     40.22% |       47432      1.74%     41.95% |       46210      1.69%     43.65% |       44222      1.62%     45.27% |       44268      1.62%     46.89% |       48970      1.79%     48.68% |       41158      1.51%     50.19% |       41909      1.54%     51.73% |       46764      1.71%     53.44% |       43423      1.59%     55.03% |       45141      1.65%     56.69% |       48198      1.77%     58.45% |       48196      1.77%     60.22% |       50576      1.85%     62.07% |       43290      1.59%     63.66% |       44465      1.63%     65.29% |       43328      1.59%     66.88% |       45126      1.65%     68.53% |       44949      1.65%     70.18% |       43827      1.61%     71.78% |       45658      1.67%     73.46% |       43840      1.61%     75.06% |       43136      1.58%     76.64% |       42499      1.56%     78.20% |       43693      1.60%     79.80% |       43282      1.59%     81.39% |       45372      1.66%     83.05% |       43824      1.61%     84.66% |       42787      1.57%     86.23% |       41462      1.52%     87.75% |       39440      1.45%     89.19% |       41514      1.52%     90.71% |       41764      1.53%     92.24% |       43666      1.60%     93.84% |       43543      1.60%     95.44% |       43174      1.58%     97.02% |       41106      1.51%     98.53% |       40201      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Data::total        2728837                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.AtomicResp    |       11420      1.75%      1.75% |       11113      1.70%      3.45% |       11369      1.74%      5.19% |       10950      1.67%      6.86% |       11275      1.72%      8.59% |       11179      1.71%     10.30% |       11755      1.80%     12.09% |       11078      1.69%     13.79% |       12061      1.84%     15.63% |       11912      1.82%     17.45% |       11413      1.75%     19.20% |       11870      1.82%     21.02% |        9465      1.45%     22.46% |       11455      1.75%     24.22% |       11534      1.76%     25.98% |       10883      1.66%     27.64% |       11411      1.75%     29.39% |       11336      1.73%     31.12% |       10941      1.67%     32.80% |       11384      1.74%     34.54% |       10565      1.62%     36.16% |       10019      1.53%     37.69% |       10695      1.64%     39.32% |       11190      1.71%     41.04% |       11104      1.70%     42.73% |       11725      1.79%     44.53% |       12436      1.90%     46.43% |       10854      1.66%     48.09% |       11139      1.70%     49.79% |       11129      1.70%     51.50% |       10484      1.60%     53.10% |       11454      1.75%     54.85% |       11343      1.74%     56.59% |       10503      1.61%     58.19% |        9672      1.48%     59.67% |        9668      1.48%     61.15% |       10455      1.60%     62.75% |       10354      1.58%     64.33% |       11060      1.69%     66.03% |       11019      1.69%     67.71% |       10738      1.64%     69.35% |       11625      1.78%     71.13% |       10216      1.56%     72.69% |       11414      1.75%     74.44% |        9204      1.41%     75.85% |       10458      1.60%     77.45% |       10510      1.61%     79.06% |       10559      1.62%     80.67% |        9887      1.51%     82.18% |       10965      1.68%     83.86% |       11154      1.71%     85.57% |       10770      1.65%     87.21% |       10533      1.61%     88.82% |       10608      1.62%     90.45% |       10217      1.56%     92.01% |        9954      1.52%     93.53% |       10140      1.55%     95.08% |       10456      1.60%     96.68% |       11068      1.69%     98.38% |       10617      1.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.AtomicResp::total       653765                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       11568      1.77%      1.77% |       12106      1.86%      3.63% |       12085      1.85%      5.49% |       11852      1.82%      7.30% |       10654      1.63%      8.94% |       11570      1.77%     10.71% |       12228      1.88%     12.59% |       12798      1.96%     14.55% |       10813      1.66%     16.21% |       10622      1.63%     17.84% |       11389      1.75%     19.59% |       10644      1.63%     21.22% |       15280      2.34%     23.56% |       10200      1.56%     25.13% |       10475      1.61%     26.73% |       12270      1.88%     28.62% |       11129      1.71%     30.32% |       10654      1.63%     31.96% |       11069      1.70%     33.66% |       10389      1.59%     35.25% |       10574      1.62%     36.87% |       12211      1.87%     38.75% |       11583      1.78%     40.52% |       11092      1.70%     42.22% |       11146      1.71%     43.93% |        9947      1.53%     45.46% |       10019      1.54%     47.00% |       12196      1.87%     48.87% |        9198      1.41%     50.28% |        9389      1.44%     51.72% |       11891      1.82%     53.54% |        9955      1.53%     55.07% |       10707      1.64%     56.71% |       12374      1.90%     58.61% |       12021      1.84%     60.45% |       13948      2.14%     62.59% |       10263      1.57%     64.17% |       10397      1.59%     65.76% |       10093      1.55%     67.31% |       10600      1.63%     68.94% |       10472      1.61%     70.54% |       10226      1.57%     72.11% |       11380      1.75%     73.86% |       10066      1.54%     75.40% |       11158      1.71%     77.11% |        9824      1.51%     78.62% |       10586      1.62%     80.24% |       10129      1.55%     81.80% |       11538      1.77%     83.57% |       10093      1.55%     85.12% |        9755      1.50%     86.61% |        9404      1.44%     88.06% |        8970      1.38%     89.43% |        9558      1.47%     90.90% |        9953      1.53%     92.42% |       10373      1.59%     94.02% |       10543      1.62%     95.63% |       10460      1.60%     97.24% |        9104      1.40%     98.63% |        8904      1.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       651895                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Replacement   |       28376      1.78%      1.78% |       30294      1.90%      3.67% |       29567      1.85%      5.52% |       29124      1.82%      7.35% |       25951      1.62%      8.97% |       28572      1.79%     10.76% |       29235      1.83%     12.59% |       32543      2.04%     14.62% |       26691      1.67%     16.29% |       26342      1.65%     17.94% |       28106      1.76%     19.70% |       26791      1.68%     21.38% |       35351      2.21%     23.59% |       25269      1.58%     25.17% |       26128      1.64%     26.81% |       29260      1.83%     28.64% |       27769      1.74%     30.38% |       26054      1.63%     32.01% |       27412      1.72%     33.72% |       25551      1.60%     35.32% |       25708      1.61%     36.93% |       29990      1.88%     38.81% |       28027      1.75%     40.56% |       28116      1.76%     42.32% |       27145      1.70%     44.02% |       24524      1.53%     45.56% |       24212      1.52%     47.07% |       30636      1.92%     48.99% |       22988      1.44%     50.43% |       23128      1.45%     51.87% |       28131      1.76%     53.63% |       24630      1.54%     55.18% |       26214      1.64%     56.82% |       29486      1.85%     58.66% |       29848      1.87%     60.53% |       33391      2.09%     62.62% |       25122      1.57%     64.19% |       26198      1.64%     65.83% |       24504      1.53%     67.37% |       26842      1.68%     69.05% |       26066      1.63%     70.68% |       24772      1.55%     72.23% |       27258      1.71%     73.93% |       25041      1.57%     75.50% |       26206      1.64%     77.14% |       23834      1.49%     78.63% |       25128      1.57%     80.20% |       24822      1.55%     81.76% |       28059      1.76%     83.51% |       24867      1.56%     85.07% |       23987      1.50%     86.57% |       23019      1.44%     88.01% |       21851      1.37%     89.38% |       23885      1.49%     90.87% |       24289      1.52%     92.39% |       25844      1.62%     94.01% |       25465      1.59%     95.61% |       25030      1.57%     97.17% |       22543      1.41%     98.58% |       22643      1.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.Replacement::total      1597835                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.I.Load        |       43452      1.79%      1.79% |       43404      1.78%      3.57% |       43987      1.81%      5.38% |       43962      1.81%      7.18% |       40613      1.67%      8.85% |       43220      1.78%     10.63% |       43334      1.78%     12.41% |       45151      1.85%     14.26% |       41908      1.72%     15.98% |       41970      1.72%     17.71% |       43475      1.79%     19.49% |       42063      1.73%     21.22% |       46227      1.90%     23.12% |       40188      1.65%     24.77% |       41543      1.71%     26.48% |       42872      1.76%     28.24% |       41637      1.71%     29.95% |       41459      1.70%     31.65% |       42291      1.74%     33.39% |       40434      1.66%     35.05% |       39924      1.64%     36.69% |       43201      1.77%     38.47% |       41782      1.72%     40.18% |       42478      1.75%     41.93% |       41088      1.69%     43.61% |       39847      1.64%     45.25% |       39760      1.63%     46.88% |       43141      1.77%     48.66% |       36994      1.52%     50.18% |       37792      1.55%     51.73% |       41339      1.70%     53.43% |       39001      1.60%     55.03% |       40329      1.66%     56.69% |       42596      1.75%     58.44% |       42692      1.75%     60.19% |       44006      1.81%     62.00% |       38651      1.59%     63.59% |       39763      1.63%     65.22% |       38762      1.59%     66.81% |       40215      1.65%     68.46% |       40223      1.65%     70.12% |       39225      1.61%     71.73% |       40498      1.66%     73.39% |       39335      1.62%     75.01% |       38071      1.56%     76.57% |       38123      1.57%     78.14% |       38912      1.60%     79.74% |       38745      1.59%     81.33% |       40061      1.65%     82.97% |       39328      1.62%     84.59% |       38401      1.58%     86.17% |       37305      1.53%     87.70% |       35385      1.45%     89.15% |       37106      1.52%     90.68% |       37268      1.53%     92.21% |       39038      1.60%     93.81% |       38798      1.59%     95.41% |       38467      1.58%     96.99% |       37053      1.52%     98.51% |       36301      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.I.Load::total      2434194                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.I.Ifetch      |         322      1.67%      1.67% |         449      2.33%      4.00% |         453      2.35%      6.35% |         354      1.84%      8.19% |         349      1.81%     10.00% |         291      1.51%     11.51% |         431      2.24%     13.74% |         526      2.73%     16.47% |         292      1.51%     17.98% |         273      1.42%     19.40% |         237      1.23%     20.63% |         234      1.21%     21.84% |         601      3.12%     24.96% |         250      1.30%     26.26% |         204      1.06%     27.32% |         432      2.24%     29.56% |         342      1.77%     31.33% |         239      1.24%     32.57% |         342      1.77%     34.34% |         353      1.83%     36.18% |         209      1.08%     37.26% |         469      2.43%     39.69% |         446      2.31%     42.01% |         201      1.04%     43.05% |         329      1.71%     44.76% |         224      1.16%     45.92% |         297      1.54%     47.46% |         538      2.79%     50.25% |         252      1.31%     51.56% |         196      1.02%     52.57% |         378      1.96%     54.53% |         219      1.14%     55.67% |         261      1.35%     57.02% |         432      2.24%     59.26% |         522      2.71%     61.97% |         466      2.42%     64.39% |         325      1.69%     66.08% |         283      1.47%     67.54% |         278      1.44%     68.99% |         414      2.15%     71.13% |         328      1.70%     72.83% |         298      1.55%     74.38% |         318      1.65%     76.03% |         184      0.95%     76.98% |         319      1.65%     78.64% |         260      1.35%     79.99% |         247      1.28%     81.27% |         271      1.41%     82.67% |         445      2.31%     84.98% |         255      1.32%     86.31% |         290      1.50%     87.81% |         228      1.18%     88.99% |         249      1.29%     90.28% |         257      1.33%     91.62% |         305      1.58%     93.20% |         285      1.48%     94.68% |         300      1.56%     96.23% |         311      1.61%     97.85% |         210      1.09%     98.94% |         205      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        19278                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.I.Store       |        4727      1.77%      1.77% |        4928      1.85%      3.62% |        4959      1.86%      5.48% |        4834      1.81%      7.29% |        4331      1.62%      8.92% |        4758      1.78%     10.70% |        4976      1.87%     12.57% |        5280      1.98%     14.55% |        4442      1.67%     16.21% |        4305      1.61%     17.83% |        4696      1.76%     19.59% |        4298      1.61%     21.20% |        6310      2.37%     23.57% |        4194      1.57%     25.14% |        4226      1.58%     26.72% |        5104      1.91%     28.64% |        4612      1.73%     30.37% |        4295      1.61%     31.98% |        4398      1.65%     33.63% |        4150      1.56%     35.18% |        4281      1.61%     36.79% |        4954      1.86%     38.65% |        4724      1.77%     40.42% |        4595      1.72%     42.14% |        4650      1.74%     43.89% |        4020      1.51%     45.39% |        4088      1.53%     46.93% |        5145      1.93%     48.86% |        3793      1.42%     50.28% |        3788      1.42%     51.70% |        4889      1.83%     53.53% |        4085      1.53%     55.06% |        4418      1.66%     56.72% |        5003      1.88%     58.60% |        4804      1.80%     60.40% |        5894      2.21%     62.61% |        4174      1.57%     64.17% |        4279      1.60%     65.78% |        4164      1.56%     67.34% |        4372      1.64%     68.98% |        4264      1.60%     70.58% |        4163      1.56%     72.14% |        4671      1.75%     73.89% |        4187      1.57%     75.46% |        4555      1.71%     77.17% |        3963      1.49%     78.66% |        4376      1.64%     80.30% |        4130      1.55%     81.85% |        4718      1.77%     83.62% |        4097      1.54%     85.15% |        3964      1.49%     86.64% |        3807      1.43%     88.07% |        3679      1.38%     89.45% |        4040      1.52%     90.96% |        4055      1.52%     92.48% |        4174      1.57%     94.05% |        4300      1.61%     95.66% |        4270      1.60%     97.26% |        3720      1.40%     98.66% |        3584      1.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.I.Store::total       266660                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.I.Atomic      |         404      1.66%      1.66% |         507      2.08%      3.74% |         387      1.59%      5.33% |         376      1.54%      6.87% |         416      1.71%      8.58% |         675      2.77%     11.35% |         849      3.49%     14.84% |         699      2.87%     17.71% |         401      1.65%     19.36% |         387      1.59%     20.95% |         370      1.52%     22.47% |         321      1.32%     23.79% |         734      3.01%     26.80% |         314      1.29%     28.09% |         282      1.16%     29.25% |         422      1.73%     30.98% |         452      1.86%     32.84% |         351      1.44%     34.28% |         310      1.27%     35.55% |         313      1.29%     36.84% |         454      1.86%     38.70% |         412      1.69%     40.39% |         331      1.36%     41.75% |         542      2.23%     43.98% |         402      1.65%     45.63% |         330      1.36%     46.98% |         346      1.42%     48.40% |         262      1.08%     49.48% |         261      1.07%     50.55% |         346      1.42%     51.97% |         526      2.16%     54.13% |         504      2.07%     56.20% |         496      2.04%     58.24% |         621      2.55%     60.79% |         424      1.74%     62.53% |        1063      4.37%     66.90% |         285      1.17%     68.07% |         298      1.22%     69.29% |         308      1.26%     70.56% |         283      1.16%     71.72% |         298      1.22%     72.94% |         396      1.63%     74.57% |         311      1.28%     75.84% |         490      2.01%     77.86% |         367      1.51%     79.36% |         335      1.38%     80.74% |         456      1.87%     82.61% |         437      1.79%     84.41% |         514      2.11%     86.52% |         276      1.13%     87.65% |         247      1.01%     88.67% |         298      1.22%     89.89% |         221      0.91%     90.80% |         225      0.92%     91.72% |         233      0.96%     92.68% |         482      1.98%     94.66% |         347      1.42%     96.08% |         410      1.68%     97.77% |         264      1.08%     98.85% |         280      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.I.Atomic::total        24351                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.P.Load        |          11      0.82%      0.82% |          31      2.30%      3.12% |          21      1.56%      4.67% |          16      1.19%      5.86% |          22      1.63%      7.49% |          17      1.26%      8.75% |          18      1.34%     10.09% |          65      4.82%     14.91% |           9      0.67%     15.58% |          11      0.82%     16.39% |          17      1.26%     17.66% |           5      0.37%     18.03% |          60      4.45%     22.48% |           6      0.45%     22.92% |           2      0.15%     23.07% |          41      3.04%     26.11% |          16      1.19%     27.30% |          10      0.74%     28.04% |          17      1.26%     29.30% |          15      1.11%     30.42% |          17      1.26%     31.68% |          26      1.93%     33.61% |          16      1.19%     34.79% |          29      2.15%     36.94% |          26      1.93%     38.87% |           5      0.37%     39.24% |           9      0.67%     39.91% |          60      4.45%     44.36% |           8      0.59%     44.96% |          10      0.74%     45.70% |          43      3.19%     48.89% |           5      0.37%     49.26% |          17      1.26%     50.52% |          38      2.82%     53.34% |          42      3.12%     56.45% |          97      7.20%     63.65% |          22      1.63%     65.28% |          16      1.19%     66.47% |          11      0.82%     67.28% |          21      1.56%     68.84% |          12      0.89%     69.73% |          24      1.78%     71.51% |          39      2.89%     74.41% |          15      1.11%     75.52% |          59      4.38%     79.90% |          19      1.41%     81.31% |          32      2.37%     83.68% |          11      0.82%     84.50% |          30      2.23%     86.72% |          15      1.11%     87.83% |          15      1.11%     88.95% |           4      0.30%     89.24% |          21      1.56%     90.80% |          14      1.04%     91.84% |          26      1.93%     93.77% |          38      2.82%     96.59% |          25      1.85%     98.44% |          11      0.82%     99.26% |           8      0.59%     99.85% |           2      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.P.Load::total         1348                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.P.Store       |         139      1.88%      1.88% |         106      1.44%      3.32% |         129      1.75%      5.07% |         142      1.92%      6.99% |         132      1.79%      8.78% |         143      1.94%     10.71% |         122      1.65%     12.37% |         125      1.69%     14.06% |         122      1.65%     15.71% |         132      1.79%     17.50% |         143      1.94%     19.44% |         124      1.68%     21.12% |         137      1.86%     22.97% |         123      1.67%     24.64% |         132      1.79%     26.43% |         127      1.72%     28.15% |         116      1.57%     29.72% |         141      1.91%     31.63% |         139      1.88%     33.51% |         126      1.71%     35.22% |         130      1.76%     36.98% |         132      1.79%     38.76% |         126      1.71%     40.47% |         129      1.75%     42.22% |         117      1.58%     43.80% |         127      1.72%     45.52% |         115      1.56%     47.08% |          87      1.18%     48.26% |         111      1.50%     49.76% |         123      1.67%     51.43% |         115      1.56%     52.99% |         113      1.53%     54.52% |         116      1.57%     56.09% |         130      1.76%     57.85% |         136      1.84%     59.69% |         114      1.54%     61.24% |         119      1.61%     62.85% |         124      1.68%     64.53% |         113      1.53%     66.06% |         105      1.42%     67.48% |         122      1.65%     69.13% |         118      1.60%     70.73% |         132      1.79%     72.52% |         119      1.61%     74.13% |         132      1.79%     75.92% |         134      1.81%     77.73% |         127      1.72%     79.45% |         125      1.69%     81.15% |         118      1.60%     82.74% |         129      1.75%     84.49% |         118      1.60%     86.09% |         119      1.61%     87.70% |         107      1.45%     89.15% |          98      1.33%     90.48% |         110      1.49%     91.97% |         131      1.77%     93.74% |         120      1.63%     95.37% |         116      1.57%     96.94% |         116      1.57%     98.51% |         110      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.P.Store::total         7383                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.P.Flush       |         112      1.37%      1.37% |         130      1.59%      2.96% |         202      2.47%      5.43% |         120      1.47%      6.90% |         106      1.30%      8.19% |         123      1.50%      9.70% |         186      2.27%     11.97% |         161      1.97%     13.94% |         115      1.41%     15.35% |          87      1.06%     16.41% |         127      1.55%     17.96% |          90      1.10%     19.06% |         177      2.16%     21.23% |          79      0.97%     22.19% |          89      1.09%     23.28% |         215      2.63%     25.91% |          96      1.17%     27.08% |          89      1.09%     28.17% |         100      1.22%     29.40% |          98      1.20%     30.59% |         121      1.48%     32.07% |         181      2.21%     34.29% |         166      2.03%     36.32% |         121      1.48%     37.80% |         195      2.38%     40.18% |          96      1.17%     41.35% |         144      1.76%     43.12% |         166      2.03%     45.15% |         112      1.37%     46.52% |          72      0.88%     47.40% |         191      2.34%     49.73% |          88      1.08%     50.81% |          93      1.14%     51.94% |         115      1.41%     53.35% |         146      1.79%     55.14% |         248      3.03%     58.17% |         124      1.52%     59.68% |         125      1.53%     61.21% |         173      2.12%     63.33% |         237      2.90%     66.23% |         121      1.48%     67.71% |         151      1.85%     69.55% |         248      3.03%     72.58% |          91      1.11%     73.70% |         154      1.88%     75.58% |          93      1.14%     76.72% |         137      1.68%     78.39% |         120      1.47%     79.86% |         176      2.15%     82.01% |          97      1.19%     83.20% |         150      1.83%     85.03% |         142      1.74%     86.77% |         140      1.71%     88.48% |         215      2.63%     91.11% |         156      1.91%     93.02% |         116      1.42%     94.44% |         111      1.36%     95.79% |         188      2.30%     98.09% |          96      1.17%     99.27% |          60      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.P.Flush::total         8178                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.P.Inv         |           6      0.60%      0.60% |          46      4.62%      5.22% |          13      1.31%      6.53% |           1      0.10%      6.63% |           0      0.00%      6.63% |          14      1.41%      8.03% |          22      2.21%     10.24% |          34      3.41%     13.65% |          11      1.10%     14.76% |           0      0.00%     14.76% |           0      0.00%     14.76% |           7      0.70%     15.46% |          58      5.82%     21.29% |           0      0.00%     21.29% |           0      0.00%     21.29% |           7      0.70%     21.99% |          21      2.11%     24.10% |           0      0.00%     24.10% |           2      0.20%     24.30% |           0      0.00%     24.30% |           6      0.60%     24.90% |          43      4.32%     29.22% |           8      0.80%     30.02% |          20      2.01%     32.03% |           6      0.60%     32.63% |           0      0.00%     32.63% |          12      1.20%     33.84% |          62      6.22%     40.06% |           0      0.00%     40.06% |           0      0.00%     40.06% |          37      3.71%     43.78% |          12      1.20%     44.98% |          19      1.91%     46.89% |          30      3.01%     49.90% |          42      4.22%     54.12% |          93      9.34%     63.45% |           4      0.40%     63.86% |           8      0.80%     64.66% |          29      2.91%     67.57% |          20      2.01%     69.58% |           0      0.00%     69.58% |          28      2.81%     72.39% |          17      1.71%     74.10% |          39      3.92%     78.01% |          43      4.32%     82.33% |          14      1.41%     83.73% |          30      3.01%     86.75% |          13      1.31%     88.05% |          26      2.61%     90.66% |           0      0.00%     90.66% |           0      0.00%     90.66% |           0      0.00%     90.66% |           0      0.00%     90.66% |           0      0.00%     90.66% |           7      0.70%     91.37% |          13      1.31%     92.67% |          33      3.31%     95.98% |          40      4.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.P.Inv::total           996                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.P.Replacement |         332      1.93%      1.93% |         317      1.85%      3.78% |         354      2.06%      5.84% |         337      1.96%      7.81% |         309      1.80%      9.61% |         348      2.03%     11.63% |         292      1.70%     13.34% |         303      1.77%     15.10% |         295      1.72%     16.82% |         305      1.78%     18.60% |         350      2.04%     20.64% |         303      1.77%     22.40% |         338      1.97%     24.37% |         294      1.71%     26.08% |         291      1.70%     27.78% |         275      1.60%     29.38% |         294      1.71%     31.09% |         310      1.81%     32.90% |         310      1.81%     34.70% |         277      1.61%     36.32% |         283      1.65%     37.97% |         350      2.04%     40.01% |         296      1.72%     41.73% |         306      1.78%     43.51% |         297      1.73%     45.24% |         268      1.56%     46.80% |         283      1.65%     48.45% |         315      1.84%     50.29% |         245      1.43%     51.72% |         278      1.62%     53.34% |         268      1.56%     54.90% |         265      1.54%     56.44% |         292      1.70%     58.14% |         322      1.88%     60.02% |         312      1.82%     61.84% |         297      1.73%     63.57% |         270      1.57%     65.14% |         292      1.70%     66.84% |         259      1.51%     68.35% |         224      1.30%     69.65% |         282      1.64%     71.30% |         261      1.52%     72.82% |         249      1.45%     74.27% |         264      1.54%     75.81% |         270      1.57%     77.38% |         278      1.62%     79.00% |         263      1.53%     80.53% |         270      1.57%     82.10% |         252      1.47%     83.57% |         269      1.57%     85.14% |         255      1.49%     86.62% |         251      1.46%     88.09% |         236      1.37%     89.46% |         240      1.40%     90.86% |         247      1.44%     92.30% |         266      1.55%     93.85% |         281      1.64%     95.48% |         269      1.57%     97.05% |         261      1.52%     98.57% |         245      1.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.P.Replacement::total        17165                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.M.Load        |      210620      1.77%      1.77% |      230548      1.94%      3.71% |      215312      1.81%      5.51% |      229889      1.93%      7.44% |      228939      1.92%      9.37% |      191627      1.61%     10.98% |      207996      1.75%     12.72% |      203649      1.71%     14.43% |      200884      1.69%     16.12% |      199522      1.68%     17.80% |      192198      1.61%     19.41% |      214337      1.80%     21.21% |      238066      2.00%     23.21% |      187278      1.57%     24.78% |      183670      1.54%     26.33% |      219567      1.84%     28.17% |      182689      1.53%     29.71% |      194003      1.63%     31.33% |      220933      1.86%     33.19% |      228269      1.92%     35.11% |      203289      1.71%     36.81% |      189370      1.59%     38.41% |      207514      1.74%     40.15% |      166953      1.40%     41.55% |      174187      1.46%     43.01% |      170118      1.43%     44.44% |      188642      1.58%     46.03% |      212054      1.78%     47.81% |      189297      1.59%     49.40% |      176364      1.48%     50.88% |      176632      1.48%     52.36% |      170276      1.43%     53.79% |      173293      1.46%     55.25% |      226489      1.90%     57.15% |      220769      1.85%     59.00% |      231113      1.94%     60.95% |      205807      1.73%     62.67% |      179370      1.51%     64.18% |      164666      1.38%     65.56% |      196598      1.65%     67.21% |      179115      1.50%     68.72% |      193392      1.62%     70.34% |      229544      1.93%     72.27% |      176585      1.48%     73.75% |      241115      2.03%     75.78% |      176909      1.49%     77.27% |      187244      1.57%     78.84% |      177618      1.49%     80.33% |      188934      1.59%     81.92% |      193494      1.63%     83.54% |      195524      1.64%     85.18% |      201431      1.69%     86.88% |      206767      1.74%     88.61% |      169992      1.43%     90.04% |      199860      1.68%     91.72% |      218060      1.83%     93.55% |      200625      1.69%     95.23% |      188529      1.58%     96.82% |      184815      1.55%     98.37% |      194002      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.M.Load::total     11906352                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.M.Store       |      877033      1.80%      1.80% |      879447      1.81%      3.61% |      888500      1.83%      5.44% |      909495      1.87%      7.31% |      832664      1.71%      9.02% |      867643      1.78%     10.80% |      874152      1.80%     12.60% |      863665      1.78%     14.38% |      826262      1.70%     16.08% |      834178      1.72%     17.79% |      875252      1.80%     19.59% |      835629      1.72%     21.31% |      953574      1.96%     23.27% |      793956      1.63%     24.90% |      817760      1.68%     26.58% |      870893      1.79%     28.37% |      815725      1.68%     30.05% |      826089      1.70%     31.75% |      856101      1.76%     33.51% |      820624      1.69%     35.20% |      814020      1.67%     36.87% |      864912      1.78%     38.65% |      835795      1.72%     40.37% |      820262      1.69%     42.05% |      805082      1.66%     43.71% |      771088      1.59%     45.29% |      771284      1.59%     46.88% |      836059      1.72%     48.60% |      735940      1.51%     50.11% |      743115      1.53%     51.64% |      813942      1.67%     53.31% |      757523      1.56%     54.87% |      784591      1.61%     56.48% |      867365      1.78%     58.27% |      857729      1.76%     60.03% |      916429      1.88%     61.91% |      782234      1.61%     63.52% |      785036      1.61%     65.13% |      747746      1.54%     66.67% |      764664      1.57%     68.24% |      792652      1.63%     69.87% |      769380      1.58%     71.46% |      838543      1.72%     73.18% |      768124      1.58%     74.76% |      812843      1.67%     76.43% |      762282      1.57%     78.00% |      781326      1.61%     79.60% |      771318      1.59%     81.19% |      802953      1.65%     82.84% |      783804      1.61%     84.45% |      768201      1.58%     86.03% |      755602      1.55%     87.58% |      726202      1.49%     89.08% |      729162      1.50%     90.58% |      758614      1.56%     92.14% |      791351      1.63%     93.76% |      786715      1.62%     95.38% |      777263      1.60%     96.98% |      739168      1.52%     98.50% |      730198      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.M.Store::total     48639159                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.M.Atomic      |          37      1.74%      1.74% |          42      1.97%      3.71% |          48      2.25%      5.96% |          36      1.69%      7.65% |          33      1.55%      9.19% |          37      1.74%     10.93% |          52      2.44%     13.37% |          58      2.72%     16.09% |          35      1.64%     17.73% |          24      1.13%     18.86% |          30      1.41%     20.26% |          28      1.31%     21.58% |          65      3.05%     24.62% |          28      1.31%     25.94% |          21      0.98%     26.92% |          55      2.58%     29.50% |          37      1.74%     31.24% |          25      1.17%     32.41% |          24      1.13%     33.54% |          23      1.08%     34.62% |          22      1.03%     35.65% |          48      2.25%     37.90% |          45      2.11%     40.01% |          28      1.31%     41.32% |          45      2.11%     43.43% |          27      1.27%     44.70% |          38      1.78%     46.48% |          59      2.77%     49.25% |          24      1.13%     50.38% |          17      0.80%     51.17% |          48      2.25%     53.42% |          28      1.31%     54.74% |          36      1.69%     56.43% |          49      2.30%     58.72% |          40      1.88%     60.60% |          77      3.61%     64.21% |          35      1.64%     65.85% |          31      1.45%     67.31% |          36      1.69%     69.00% |          44      2.06%     71.06% |          28      1.31%     72.37% |          37      1.74%     74.11% |          45      2.11%     76.22% |          28      1.31%     77.53% |          42      1.97%     79.50% |          25      1.17%     80.68% |          34      1.59%     82.27% |          27      1.27%     83.54% |          40      1.88%     85.41% |          29      1.36%     86.77% |          29      1.36%     88.13% |          22      1.03%     89.17% |          28      1.31%     90.48% |          40      1.88%     92.35% |          33      1.55%     93.90% |          26      1.22%     95.12% |          30      1.41%     96.53% |          39      1.83%     98.36% |          19      0.89%     99.25% |          16      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.M.Atomic::total         2132                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.M.Flush       |        5218      1.78%      1.78% |        4972      1.70%      3.47% |        5319      1.81%      5.29% |        5313      1.81%      7.10% |        4788      1.63%      8.73% |        5327      1.82%     10.55% |        5327      1.82%     12.37% |        5416      1.85%     14.21% |        4833      1.65%     15.86% |        4917      1.68%     17.54% |        5165      1.76%     19.30% |        4749      1.62%     20.92% |        6206      2.12%     23.04% |        4635      1.58%     24.62% |        4769      1.63%     26.24% |        5411      1.85%     28.09% |        4712      1.61%     29.69% |        4979      1.70%     31.39% |        4979      1.70%     33.09% |        4722      1.61%     34.70% |        5017      1.71%     36.41% |        5467      1.86%     38.28% |        5063      1.73%     40.00% |        5022      1.71%     41.71% |        4931      1.68%     43.40% |        4656      1.59%     44.98% |        4629      1.58%     46.56% |        5186      1.77%     48.33% |        4103      1.40%     49.73% |        4445      1.52%     51.25% |        5565      1.90%     53.14% |        4592      1.57%     54.71% |        4821      1.64%     56.35% |        5348      1.82%     58.18% |        5365      1.83%     60.01% |        6061      2.07%     62.07% |        4681      1.60%     63.67% |        4713      1.61%     65.28% |        4684      1.60%     66.87% |        4642      1.58%     68.46% |        4649      1.59%     70.04% |        4650      1.59%     71.63% |        5152      1.76%     73.38% |        4728      1.61%     75.00% |        4979      1.70%     76.70% |        4751      1.62%     78.32% |        4996      1.70%     80.02% |        4736      1.62%     81.63% |        4857      1.66%     83.29% |        4591      1.57%     84.86% |        4417      1.51%     86.36% |        4419      1.51%     87.87% |        4138      1.41%     89.28% |        4324      1.47%     90.75% |        4389      1.50%     92.25% |        4759      1.62%     93.87% |        4824      1.65%     95.52% |        4802      1.64%     97.16% |        4301      1.47%     98.62% |        4037      1.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.M.Flush::total       293247                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.M.Inv         |         594      1.74%      1.74% |         584      1.71%      3.46% |         706      2.07%      5.53% |         615      1.80%      7.33% |         569      1.67%      9.00% |         631      1.85%     10.86% |         618      1.81%     12.67% |         654      1.92%     14.59% |         541      1.59%     16.18% |         535      1.57%     17.75% |         637      1.87%     19.62% |         522      1.53%     21.15% |         712      2.09%     23.24% |         502      1.47%     24.71% |         514      1.51%     26.22% |         658      1.93%     28.15% |         522      1.53%     29.68% |         550      1.61%     31.30% |         566      1.66%     32.96% |         516      1.51%     34.47% |         551      1.62%     36.09% |         689      2.02%     38.11% |         604      1.77%     39.88% |         585      1.72%     41.60% |         635      1.86%     43.46% |         496      1.46%     44.92% |         551      1.62%     46.54% |         628      1.84%     48.38% |         476      1.40%     49.78% |         483      1.42%     51.19% |         617      1.81%     53.01% |         471      1.38%     54.39% |         518      1.52%     55.91% |         605      1.78%     57.68% |         636      1.87%     59.55% |         756      2.22%     61.77% |         535      1.57%     63.34% |         557      1.63%     64.97% |         556      1.63%     66.61% |         587      1.72%     68.33% |         537      1.58%     69.90% |         554      1.63%     71.53% |         668      1.96%     73.49% |         489      1.44%     74.93% |         615      1.80%     76.73% |         524      1.54%     78.27% |         559      1.64%     79.91% |         526      1.54%     81.45% |         576      1.69%     83.14% |         510      1.50%     84.64% |         538      1.58%     86.22% |         516      1.51%     87.73% |         504      1.48%     89.21% |         567      1.66%     90.88% |         539      1.58%     92.46% |         551      1.62%     94.07% |         537      1.58%     95.65% |         584      1.71%     97.36% |         481      1.41%     98.78% |         417      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.M.Inv::total         34074                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.M.InvX1       |         783      1.54%      1.54% |        1190      2.34%      3.88% |        1072      2.11%      5.98% |         742      1.46%      7.44% |         707      1.39%      8.83% |         799      1.57%     10.40% |        1111      2.18%     12.58% |        1485      2.92%     15.49% |         706      1.39%     16.88% |         603      1.18%     18.07% |         765      1.50%     19.57% |         666      1.31%     20.88% |        1640      3.22%     24.10% |         593      1.16%     25.26% |         509      1.00%     26.26% |        1147      2.25%     28.51% |         829      1.63%     30.14% |         595      1.17%     31.31% |         608      1.19%     32.51% |         559      1.10%     33.60% |         628      1.23%     34.84% |        1163      2.28%     37.12% |         927      1.82%     38.94% |         834      1.64%     40.58% |         980      1.92%     42.51% |         517      1.02%     43.52% |         775      1.52%     45.04% |        1529      3.00%     48.05% |         602      1.18%     49.23% |         506      0.99%     50.22% |        1171      2.30%     52.52% |         618      1.21%     53.74% |         817      1.60%     55.34% |        1232      2.42%     57.76% |        1055      2.07%     59.83% |        1920      3.77%     63.60% |         759      1.49%     65.09% |         738      1.45%     66.54% |         790      1.55%     68.10% |        1033      2.03%     70.12% |         646      1.27%     71.39% |         862      1.69%     73.09% |        1073      2.11%     75.19% |         787      1.55%     76.74% |        1208      2.37%     79.11% |         597      1.17%     80.28% |         905      1.78%     82.06% |         644      1.26%     83.33% |         998      1.96%     85.29% |         622      1.22%     86.51% |         640      1.26%     87.77% |         549      1.08%     88.84% |         652      1.28%     90.12% |         895      1.76%     91.88% |         814      1.60%     93.48% |         712      1.40%     94.88% |         773      1.52%     96.40% |         942      1.85%     98.25% |         470      0.92%     99.17% |         422      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.M.InvX1::total        50914                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.M.Replacement |        5869      1.77%      1.77% |        6645      2.01%      3.78% |        6162      1.86%      5.64% |        6046      1.83%      7.46% |        5418      1.64%      9.10% |        5735      1.73%     10.83% |        6371      1.92%     12.76% |        6860      2.07%     14.83% |        5535      1.67%     16.50% |        5289      1.60%     18.10% |        5717      1.73%     19.82% |        5474      1.65%     21.48% |        8494      2.56%     24.04% |        5164      1.56%     25.60% |        5305      1.60%     27.20% |        6314      1.91%     29.11% |        5990      1.81%     30.92% |        5251      1.59%     32.50% |        5656      1.71%     34.21% |        5269      1.59%     35.80% |        5131      1.55%     37.35% |        6165      1.86%     39.21% |        6013      1.82%     41.03% |        5615      1.70%     42.72% |        5678      1.71%     44.44% |        4900      1.48%     45.92% |        4925      1.49%     47.40% |        6470      1.95%     49.36% |        4714      1.42%     50.78% |        4577      1.38%     52.16% |        5819      1.76%     53.92% |        4982      1.50%     55.43% |        5465      1.65%     57.08% |        6540      1.97%     59.05% |        6158      1.86%     60.91% |        7265      2.19%     63.10% |        5153      1.56%     64.66% |        5236      1.58%     66.24% |        4941      1.49%     67.73% |        5453      1.65%     69.38% |        5392      1.63%     71.01% |        5127      1.55%     72.56% |        5686      1.72%     74.27% |        4955      1.50%     75.77% |        5713      1.73%     77.49% |        4677      1.41%     78.91% |        5156      1.56%     80.46% |        4976      1.50%     81.97% |        6213      1.88%     83.84% |        5107      1.54%     85.38% |        4904      1.48%     86.86% |        4570      1.38%     88.24% |        4428      1.34%     89.58% |        4739      1.43%     91.01% |        5128      1.55%     92.56% |        5206      1.57%     94.13% |        5297      1.60%     95.73% |        5162      1.56%     97.29% |        4427      1.34%     98.63% |        4546      1.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.M.Replacement::total       331173                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.C.Load        |      759354      1.82%      1.82% |      752115      1.80%      3.62% |      768694      1.84%      5.46% |      774876      1.86%      7.32% |      692261      1.66%      8.98% |      760308      1.82%     10.80% |      767307      1.84%     12.63% |      765528      1.83%     14.47% |      706209      1.69%     16.16% |      715185      1.71%     17.87% |      762125      1.83%     19.70% |      700143      1.68%     21.38% |      843146      2.02%     23.39% |      679907      1.63%     25.02% |      713943      1.71%     26.73% |      745951      1.79%     28.52% |      717927      1.72%     30.24% |      708260      1.70%     31.94% |      733925      1.76%     33.69% |      680355      1.63%     35.32% |      687899      1.65%     36.97% |      774389      1.85%     38.83% |      728748      1.75%     40.57% |      722835      1.73%     42.30% |      708135      1.70%     44.00% |      671778      1.61%     45.61% |      654566      1.57%     47.18% |      728748      1.75%     48.92% |      613787      1.47%     50.39% |      635055      1.52%     51.91% |      724161      1.73%     53.65% |      657946      1.58%     55.22% |      685620      1.64%     56.87% |      745088      1.78%     58.65% |      757448      1.81%     60.47% |      790875      1.89%     62.36% |      653860      1.57%     63.93% |      683059      1.64%     65.56% |      652670      1.56%     67.12% |      648268      1.55%     68.68% |      696375      1.67%     70.35% |      648657      1.55%     71.90% |      692568      1.66%     73.56% |      656924      1.57%     75.13% |      663083      1.59%     76.72% |      663397      1.59%     78.31% |      665531      1.59%     79.90% |      670305      1.61%     81.51% |      711563      1.70%     83.21% |      667677      1.60%     84.81% |      647457      1.55%     86.36% |      623581      1.49%     87.86% |      585529      1.40%     89.26% |      616770      1.48%     90.74% |      634559      1.52%     92.26% |      660618      1.58%     93.84% |      670846      1.61%     95.45% |      669259      1.60%     97.05% |      623863      1.49%     98.54% |      608296      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.C.Load::total     41749312                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.C.Ifetch      |     3992714      1.81%      1.81% |     4046132      1.84%      3.65% |     4056936      1.84%      5.49% |     4119534      1.87%      7.36% |     3824057      1.74%      9.09% |     3888233      1.76%     10.86% |     4032426      1.83%     12.69% |     3998544      1.81%     14.50% |     3746586      1.70%     16.20% |     3777453      1.71%     17.92% |     3878171      1.76%     19.68% |     3798053      1.72%     21.40% |     4359450      1.98%     23.38% |     3573856      1.62%     25.00% |     3694981      1.68%     26.68% |     3891184      1.77%     28.44% |     3703157      1.68%     30.12% |     3672880      1.67%     31.79% |     3927443      1.78%     33.57% |     3773036      1.71%     35.29% |     3625958      1.65%     36.93% |     3906551      1.77%     38.70% |     3842403      1.74%     40.45% |     3593088      1.63%     42.08% |     3582777      1.63%     43.70% |     3485727      1.58%     45.29% |     3535416      1.60%     46.89% |     3907730      1.77%     48.66% |     3342361      1.52%     50.18% |     3362471      1.53%     51.71% |     3657651      1.66%     53.37% |     3420569      1.55%     54.92% |     3518848      1.60%     56.52% |     3948110      1.79%     58.31% |     4026471      1.83%     60.13% |     4067020      1.85%     61.98% |     3529806      1.60%     63.58% |     3524045      1.60%     65.18% |     3369883      1.53%     66.71% |     3487849      1.58%     68.29% |     3588099      1.63%     69.92% |     3476234      1.58%     71.50% |     3692248      1.68%     73.17% |     3454417      1.57%     74.74% |     3643106      1.65%     76.40% |     3479590      1.58%     77.97% |     3454796      1.57%     79.54% |     3480400      1.58%     81.12% |     3690784      1.67%     82.80% |     3542931      1.61%     84.40% |     3498116      1.59%     85.99% |     3413227      1.55%     87.54% |     3298272      1.50%     89.04% |     3243795      1.47%     90.51% |     3424115      1.55%     92.06% |     3603234      1.64%     93.70% |     3575828      1.62%     95.32% |     3535753      1.60%     96.93% |     3392770      1.54%     98.47% |     3380826      1.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.C.Ifetch::total    220358101                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.C.Store       |        6843      1.78%      1.78% |        7180      1.86%      3.64% |        7128      1.85%      5.49% |        7020      1.82%      7.31% |        6325      1.64%      8.95% |        6814      1.77%     10.72% |        7254      1.88%     12.60% |        7520      1.95%     14.55% |        6375      1.65%     16.21% |        6319      1.64%     17.85% |        6695      1.74%     19.58% |        6348      1.65%     21.23% |        8972      2.33%     23.56% |        6008      1.56%     25.12% |        6251      1.62%     26.74% |        7168      1.86%     28.60% |        6519      1.69%     30.29% |        6361      1.65%     31.94% |        6673      1.73%     33.68% |        6241      1.62%     35.29% |        6295      1.63%     36.93% |        7259      1.88%     38.81% |        6861      1.78%     40.59% |        6499      1.69%     42.28% |        6498      1.69%     43.97% |        5929      1.54%     45.50% |        5933      1.54%     47.04% |        7053      1.83%     48.87% |        5407      1.40%     50.28% |        5603      1.45%     51.73% |        7004      1.82%     53.55% |        5872      1.52%     55.07% |        6291      1.63%     56.70% |        7373      1.91%     58.62% |        7219      1.87%     60.49% |        8056      2.09%     62.58% |        6091      1.58%     64.16% |        6120      1.59%     65.75% |        5931      1.54%     67.29% |        6230      1.62%     68.91% |        6210      1.61%     70.52% |        6065      1.57%     72.09% |        6711      1.74%     73.83% |        5881      1.53%     75.36% |        6605      1.71%     77.07% |        5863      1.52%     78.59% |        6212      1.61%     80.21% |        6001      1.56%     81.76% |        6822      1.77%     83.53% |        5998      1.56%     85.09% |        5793      1.50%     86.59% |        5599      1.45%     88.05% |        5293      1.37%     89.42% |        5523      1.43%     90.85% |        5900      1.53%     92.38% |        6201      1.61%     93.99% |        6245      1.62%     95.61% |        6196      1.61%     97.22% |        5386      1.40%     98.62% |        5322      1.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.C.Store::total       385364                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.C.Atomic      |       10979      1.75%      1.75% |       10565      1.68%      3.43% |       10934      1.74%      5.18% |       10539      1.68%      6.86% |       10827      1.73%      8.58% |       10468      1.67%     10.25% |       10855      1.73%     11.98% |       10321      1.65%     13.63% |       11625      1.85%     15.48% |       11501      1.83%     17.31% |       11014      1.76%     19.07% |       11521      1.84%     20.91% |        8666      1.38%     22.29% |       11114      1.77%     24.06% |       11231      1.79%     25.85% |       10407      1.66%     27.51% |       10922      1.74%     29.25% |       10961      1.75%     31.00% |       10608      1.69%     32.69% |       11048      1.76%     34.45% |       10089      1.61%     36.06% |        9560      1.52%     37.58% |       10319      1.64%     39.23% |       10621      1.69%     40.92% |       10657      1.70%     42.62% |       11368      1.81%     44.43% |       12052      1.92%     46.35% |       10533      1.68%     48.03% |       10855      1.73%     49.76% |       10766      1.72%     51.48% |        9910      1.58%     53.06% |       10923      1.74%     54.80% |       10812      1.72%     56.52% |        9833      1.57%     58.09% |        9209      1.47%     59.56% |        8528      1.36%     60.92% |       10135      1.62%     62.53% |       10026      1.60%     64.13% |       10717      1.71%     65.84% |       10692      1.70%     67.54% |       10413      1.66%     69.20% |       11192      1.78%     70.99% |        9861      1.57%     72.56% |       10896      1.74%     74.30% |        8796      1.40%     75.70% |       10099      1.61%     77.31% |       10020      1.60%     78.91% |       10096      1.61%     80.52% |        9334      1.49%     82.00% |       10661      1.70%     83.70% |       10878      1.73%     85.44% |       10450      1.67%     87.10% |       10284      1.64%     88.74% |       10343      1.65%     90.39% |        9951      1.59%     91.98% |        9447      1.51%     93.48% |        9764      1.56%     95.04% |       10007      1.60%     96.64% |       10785      1.72%     98.35% |       10321      1.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.C.Atomic::total       627309                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.C.Flush       |        7383      1.70%      1.70% |        8192      1.89%      3.59% |        8433      1.94%      5.53% |        7744      1.78%      7.31% |        6834      1.57%      8.88% |        7904      1.82%     10.70% |        9269      2.13%     12.84% |       10201      2.35%     15.19% |        6943      1.60%     16.79% |        6582      1.52%     18.30% |        6911      1.59%     19.89% |        7119      1.64%     21.53% |       10690      2.46%     23.99% |        6459      1.49%     25.48% |        6434      1.48%     26.96% |        8059      1.86%     28.82% |        7349      1.69%     30.51% |        6807      1.57%     32.08% |        6359      1.46%     33.54% |        6292      1.45%     34.99% |        6671      1.54%     36.53% |        8098      1.86%     38.39% |        7726      1.78%     40.17% |        7292      1.68%     41.85% |        7331      1.69%     43.54% |        6609      1.52%     45.06% |        7199      1.66%     46.72% |        8877      2.04%     48.76% |        5157      1.19%     49.95% |        5930      1.37%     51.31% |        9408      2.17%     53.48% |        6512      1.50%     54.98% |        7547      1.74%     56.72% |        8776      2.02%     58.74% |        8019      1.85%     60.58% |       11303      2.60%     63.19% |        6573      1.51%     64.70% |        6698      1.54%     66.24% |        7253      1.67%     67.91% |        7254      1.67%     69.58% |        6127      1.41%     70.99% |        7286      1.68%     72.67% |        6966      1.60%     74.27% |        7588      1.75%     76.02% |        7034      1.62%     77.64% |        6321      1.46%     79.10% |        7637      1.76%     80.86% |        6638      1.53%     82.38% |        7817      1.80%     84.18% |        6091      1.40%     85.59% |        6356      1.46%     87.05% |        5997      1.38%     88.43% |        5537      1.27%     89.71% |        6775      1.56%     91.27% |        6013      1.38%     92.65% |        6348      1.46%     94.11% |        7057      1.62%     95.74% |        7309      1.68%     97.42% |        5776      1.33%     98.75% |        5432      1.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.C.Flush::total       434302                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.C.Inv         |        8879      1.86%      1.86% |        7632      1.60%      3.45% |        8530      1.78%      5.24% |        9212      1.93%      7.17% |        8257      1.73%      8.89% |        8953      1.87%     10.77% |        8331      1.74%     12.51% |        7766      1.62%     14.13% |        8087      1.69%     15.82% |        8477      1.77%     17.60% |        9013      1.89%     19.48% |        8050      1.68%     21.17% |        8761      1.83%     23.00% |        8026      1.68%     24.68% |        8389      1.75%     26.43% |        8385      1.75%     28.19% |        7649      1.60%     29.79% |        8746      1.83%     31.62% |        8770      1.83%     33.45% |        8100      1.69%     35.15% |        8357      1.75%     36.90% |        8728      1.83%     38.72% |        8277      1.73%     40.45% |        8272      1.73%     42.18% |        7961      1.67%     43.85% |        7961      1.67%     45.51% |        7582      1.59%     47.10% |        7321      1.53%     48.63% |        6944      1.45%     50.08% |        7676      1.61%     51.69% |        8209      1.72%     53.41% |        7522      1.57%     54.98% |        7737      1.62%     56.60% |        8428      1.76%     58.36% |        8658      1.81%     60.17% |        8003      1.67%     61.85% |        7614      1.59%     63.44% |        7829      1.64%     65.08% |        7669      1.60%     66.68% |        7090      1.48%     68.17% |        8070      1.69%     69.85% |        7417      1.55%     71.41% |        7959      1.66%     73.07% |        7544      1.58%     74.65% |        7629      1.60%     76.24% |        8188      1.71%     77.96% |        8133      1.70%     79.66% |        7998      1.67%     81.33% |        7499      1.57%     82.90% |        7910      1.65%     84.56% |        7496      1.57%     86.12% |        7592      1.59%     87.71% |        6893      1.44%     89.15% |        6846      1.43%     90.59% |        7082      1.48%     92.07% |        7948      1.66%     93.73% |        7909      1.65%     95.38% |        7695      1.61%     96.99% |        7434      1.56%     98.55% |        6935      1.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.C.Inv::total        478028                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.C.Replacement |       22175      1.77%      1.77% |       23332      1.87%      3.64% |       23051      1.84%      5.49% |       22741      1.82%      7.31% |       20224      1.62%      8.93% |       22489      1.80%     10.73% |       22572      1.81%     12.53% |       25380      2.03%     14.56% |       20861      1.67%     16.23% |       20748      1.66%     17.89% |       22039      1.76%     19.66% |       21014      1.68%     21.34% |       26519      2.12%     23.46% |       19811      1.59%     25.05% |       20532      1.64%     26.69% |       22671      1.81%     28.50% |       21485      1.72%     30.22% |       20493      1.64%     31.86% |       21446      1.72%     33.58% |       20005      1.60%     35.18% |       20294      1.62%     36.81% |       23475      1.88%     38.68% |       21718      1.74%     40.42% |       22195      1.78%     42.20% |       21170      1.69%     43.89% |       19356      1.55%     45.44% |       19004      1.52%     46.96% |       23851      1.91%     48.87% |       18029      1.44%     50.31% |       18273      1.46%     51.78% |       22044      1.76%     53.54% |       19383      1.55%     55.09% |       20457      1.64%     56.73% |       22624      1.81%     58.54% |       23378      1.87%     60.41% |       25829      2.07%     62.48% |       19699      1.58%     64.06% |       20670      1.65%     65.71% |       19304      1.54%     67.25% |       21165      1.69%     68.95% |       20392      1.63%     70.58% |       19384      1.55%     72.13% |       21323      1.71%     73.84% |       19822      1.59%     75.42% |       20223      1.62%     77.04% |       18879      1.51%     78.55% |       19709      1.58%     80.13% |       19576      1.57%     81.70% |       21594      1.73%     83.43% |       19491      1.56%     84.99% |       18828      1.51%     86.49% |       18198      1.46%     87.95% |       17187      1.38%     89.32% |       18906      1.51%     90.84% |       18914      1.51%     92.35% |       20372      1.63%     93.98% |       19887      1.59%     95.57% |       19599      1.57%     97.14% |       17855      1.43%     98.57% |       17852      1.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.C.Replacement::total      1249497                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |        6201      1.78%      1.78% |        6962      2.00%      3.78% |        6516      1.87%      5.65% |        6383      1.83%      7.48% |        5727      1.64%      9.13% |        6083      1.75%     10.87% |        6663      1.91%     12.78% |        7163      2.06%     14.84% |        5830      1.67%     16.51% |        5594      1.61%     18.12% |        6067      1.74%     19.86% |        5777      1.66%     21.52% |        8832      2.54%     24.06% |        5458      1.57%     25.62% |        5596      1.61%     27.23% |        6589      1.89%     29.12% |        6284      1.80%     30.93% |        5561      1.60%     32.52% |        5966      1.71%     34.23% |        5546      1.59%     35.83% |        5414      1.55%     37.38% |        6515      1.87%     39.25% |        6309      1.81%     41.06% |        5921      1.70%     42.76% |        5975      1.72%     44.48% |        5168      1.48%     45.96% |        5208      1.50%     47.46% |        6785      1.95%     49.40% |        4959      1.42%     50.83% |        4855      1.39%     52.22% |        6087      1.75%     53.97% |        5247      1.51%     55.48% |        5757      1.65%     57.13% |        6862      1.97%     59.10% |        6470      1.86%     60.96% |        7562      2.17%     63.13% |        5423      1.56%     64.68% |        5528      1.59%     66.27% |        5200      1.49%     67.76% |        5677      1.63%     69.39% |        5674      1.63%     71.02% |        5388      1.55%     72.57% |        5935      1.70%     74.27% |        5219      1.50%     75.77% |        5983      1.72%     77.49% |        4955      1.42%     78.91% |        5419      1.56%     80.47% |        5246      1.51%     81.97% |        6465      1.86%     83.83% |        5376      1.54%     85.37% |        5159      1.48%     86.85% |        4821      1.38%     88.24% |        4664      1.34%     89.58% |        4979      1.43%     91.00% |        5375      1.54%     92.55% |        5472      1.57%     94.12% |        5578      1.60%     95.72% |        5431      1.56%     97.28% |        4688      1.35%     98.62% |        4791      1.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total       348338                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.MA.Writeback_Ack |          37      1.74%      1.74% |          42      1.97%      3.71% |          48      2.25%      5.96% |          36      1.69%      7.65% |          33      1.55%      9.19% |          37      1.74%     10.93% |          52      2.44%     13.37% |          58      2.72%     16.09% |          35      1.64%     17.73% |          24      1.13%     18.86% |          30      1.41%     20.26% |          28      1.31%     21.58% |          65      3.05%     24.62% |          28      1.31%     25.94% |          21      0.98%     26.92% |          55      2.58%     29.50% |          37      1.74%     31.24% |          25      1.17%     32.41% |          24      1.13%     33.54% |          23      1.08%     34.62% |          22      1.03%     35.65% |          48      2.25%     37.90% |          45      2.11%     40.01% |          28      1.31%     41.32% |          45      2.11%     43.43% |          27      1.27%     44.70% |          38      1.78%     46.48% |          59      2.77%     49.25% |          24      1.13%     50.38% |          17      0.80%     51.17% |          48      2.25%     53.42% |          28      1.31%     54.74% |          36      1.69%     56.43% |          49      2.30%     58.72% |          40      1.88%     60.60% |          77      3.61%     64.21% |          35      1.64%     65.85% |          31      1.45%     67.31% |          36      1.69%     69.00% |          44      2.06%     71.06% |          28      1.31%     72.37% |          37      1.74%     74.11% |          45      2.11%     76.22% |          28      1.31%     77.53% |          42      1.97%     79.50% |          25      1.17%     80.68% |          34      1.59%     82.27% |          27      1.27%     83.54% |          40      1.88%     85.41% |          29      1.36%     86.77% |          29      1.36%     88.13% |          22      1.03%     89.17% |          28      1.31%     90.48% |          40      1.88%     92.35% |          33      1.55%     93.90% |          26      1.22%     95.12% |          30      1.41%     96.53% |          39      1.83%     98.36% |          19      0.89%     99.25% |          16      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.MA.Writeback_Ack::total         2132                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.IA.AtomicResp |       11420      1.75%      1.75% |       11113      1.70%      3.45% |       11369      1.74%      5.19% |       10950      1.67%      6.86% |       11275      1.72%      8.59% |       11179      1.71%     10.30% |       11755      1.80%     12.09% |       11078      1.69%     13.79% |       12061      1.84%     15.63% |       11912      1.82%     17.45% |       11413      1.75%     19.20% |       11870      1.82%     21.02% |        9465      1.45%     22.46% |       11455      1.75%     24.22% |       11534      1.76%     25.98% |       10883      1.66%     27.64% |       11411      1.75%     29.39% |       11336      1.73%     31.12% |       10941      1.67%     32.80% |       11384      1.74%     34.54% |       10565      1.62%     36.16% |       10019      1.53%     37.69% |       10695      1.64%     39.32% |       11190      1.71%     41.04% |       11104      1.70%     42.73% |       11725      1.79%     44.53% |       12436      1.90%     46.43% |       10854      1.66%     48.09% |       11139      1.70%     49.79% |       11129      1.70%     51.50% |       10484      1.60%     53.10% |       11454      1.75%     54.85% |       11343      1.74%     56.59% |       10503      1.61%     58.19% |        9672      1.48%     59.67% |        9668      1.48%     61.15% |       10455      1.60%     62.75% |       10354      1.58%     64.33% |       11060      1.69%     66.03% |       11019      1.69%     67.71% |       10738      1.64%     69.35% |       11625      1.78%     71.13% |       10216      1.56%     72.69% |       11414      1.75%     74.44% |        9204      1.41%     75.85% |       10458      1.60%     77.45% |       10510      1.61%     79.06% |       10559      1.62%     80.67% |        9887      1.51%     82.18% |       10965      1.68%     83.86% |       11154      1.71%     85.57% |       10770      1.65%     87.21% |       10533      1.61%     88.82% |       10608      1.62%     90.45% |       10217      1.56%     92.01% |        9954      1.52%     93.53% |       10140      1.55%     95.08% |       10456      1.60%     96.68% |       11068      1.69%     98.38% |       10617      1.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.IA.AtomicResp::total       653765                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.IS.Data       |       43773      1.78%      1.78% |       43853      1.79%      3.57% |       44439      1.81%      5.38% |       44316      1.81%      7.19% |       40962      1.67%      8.86% |       43511      1.77%     10.63% |       43765      1.78%     12.42% |       45676      1.86%     14.28% |       42200      1.72%     16.00% |       42242      1.72%     17.72% |       43712      1.78%     19.50% |       42297      1.72%     21.23% |       46827      1.91%     23.13% |       40438      1.65%     24.78% |       41746      1.70%     26.48% |       43304      1.77%     28.25% |       41978      1.71%     29.96% |       41698      1.70%     31.66% |       42633      1.74%     33.40% |       40786      1.66%     35.06% |       40132      1.64%     36.69% |       43670      1.78%     38.47% |       42227      1.72%     40.20% |       42679      1.74%     41.94% |       41417      1.69%     43.62% |       40070      1.63%     45.26% |       40056      1.63%     46.89% |       43678      1.78%     48.67% |       37246      1.52%     50.19% |       37988      1.55%     51.74% |       41717      1.70%     53.44% |       39220      1.60%     55.04% |       40590      1.65%     56.69% |       43027      1.75%     58.44% |       43214      1.76%     60.20% |       44471      1.81%     62.02% |       38975      1.59%     63.61% |       40046      1.63%     65.24% |       39040      1.59%     66.83% |       40628      1.66%     68.49% |       40551      1.65%     70.14% |       39522      1.61%     71.75% |       40816      1.66%     73.41% |       39519      1.61%     75.02% |       38390      1.56%     76.59% |       38383      1.56%     78.15% |       39158      1.60%     79.75% |       39016      1.59%     81.34% |       40506      1.65%     82.99% |       39583      1.61%     84.60% |       38690      1.58%     86.18% |       37532      1.53%     87.71% |       35633      1.45%     89.16% |       37362      1.52%     90.69% |       37573      1.53%     92.22% |       39323      1.60%     93.82% |       39098      1.59%     95.41% |       38777      1.58%     96.99% |       37262      1.52%     98.51% |       36505      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.IS.Data::total      2453446                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.IMR.Data      |          11      0.82%      0.82% |          31      2.30%      3.12% |          21      1.56%      4.67% |          16      1.19%      5.86% |          22      1.63%      7.49% |          17      1.26%      8.75% |          18      1.34%     10.09% |          65      4.82%     14.91% |           9      0.67%     15.58% |          11      0.82%     16.39% |          17      1.26%     17.66% |           5      0.37%     18.03% |          60      4.45%     22.48% |           6      0.45%     22.92% |           2      0.15%     23.07% |          41      3.04%     26.11% |          16      1.19%     27.30% |          10      0.74%     28.04% |          17      1.26%     29.30% |          15      1.11%     30.42% |          17      1.26%     31.68% |          26      1.93%     33.61% |          16      1.19%     34.79% |          29      2.15%     36.94% |          26      1.93%     38.87% |           5      0.37%     39.24% |           9      0.67%     39.91% |          60      4.45%     44.36% |           8      0.59%     44.96% |          10      0.74%     45.70% |          43      3.19%     48.89% |           5      0.37%     49.26% |          17      1.26%     50.52% |          38      2.82%     53.34% |          42      3.12%     56.45% |          97      7.20%     63.65% |          22      1.63%     65.28% |          16      1.19%     66.47% |          11      0.82%     67.28% |          21      1.56%     68.84% |          12      0.89%     69.73% |          24      1.78%     71.51% |          39      2.89%     74.41% |          15      1.11%     75.52% |          59      4.38%     79.90% |          19      1.41%     81.31% |          32      2.37%     83.68% |          11      0.82%     84.50% |          30      2.23%     86.72% |          15      1.11%     87.83% |          15      1.11%     88.95% |           4      0.30%     89.24% |          21      1.56%     90.80% |          14      1.04%     91.84% |          26      1.93%     93.77% |          38      2.82%     96.59% |          25      1.85%     98.44% |          11      0.82%     99.26% |           8      0.59%     99.85% |           2      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.IMR.Data::total         1348                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.IMW.Data      |        4866      1.78%      1.78% |        5034      1.84%      3.61% |        5088      1.86%      5.47% |        4976      1.82%      7.28% |        4463      1.63%      8.91% |        4901      1.79%     10.70% |        5098      1.86%     12.56% |        5405      1.97%     14.53% |        4564      1.67%     16.20% |        4437      1.62%     17.82% |        4839      1.77%     19.58% |        4422      1.61%     21.20% |        6447      2.35%     23.55% |        4317      1.58%     25.13% |        4358      1.59%     26.72% |        5231      1.91%     28.63% |        4728      1.73%     30.35% |        4436      1.62%     31.97% |        4537      1.66%     33.63% |        4276      1.56%     35.19% |        4411      1.61%     36.79% |        5086      1.86%     38.65% |        4850      1.77%     40.42% |        4724      1.72%     42.14% |        4767      1.74%     43.88% |        4147      1.51%     45.40% |        4203      1.53%     46.93% |        5232      1.91%     48.84% |        3904      1.42%     50.26% |        3911      1.43%     51.69% |        5004      1.83%     53.52% |        4198      1.53%     55.05% |        4534      1.65%     56.70% |        5133      1.87%     58.58% |        4940      1.80%     60.38% |        6008      2.19%     62.57% |        4293      1.57%     64.14% |        4403      1.61%     65.75% |        4277      1.56%     67.31% |        4477      1.63%     68.94% |        4386      1.60%     70.54% |        4281      1.56%     72.10% |        4803      1.75%     73.86% |        4306      1.57%     75.43% |        4687      1.71%     77.14% |        4097      1.50%     78.63% |        4503      1.64%     80.27% |        4255      1.55%     81.83% |        4836      1.76%     83.59% |        4226      1.54%     85.13% |        4082      1.49%     86.62% |        3926      1.43%     88.06% |        3786      1.38%     89.44% |        4138      1.51%     90.95% |        4165      1.52%     92.47% |        4305      1.57%     94.04% |        4420      1.61%     95.65% |        4386      1.60%     97.25% |        3836      1.40%     98.65% |        3694      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.IMW.Data::total       274043                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.PI.Writeback_Ack |         112      1.37%      1.37% |         130      1.59%      2.96% |         202      2.47%      5.43% |         120      1.47%      6.90% |         106      1.30%      8.19% |         123      1.50%      9.70% |         186      2.27%     11.97% |         161      1.97%     13.94% |         115      1.41%     15.35% |          87      1.06%     16.41% |         127      1.55%     17.96% |          90      1.10%     19.06% |         177      2.16%     21.23% |          79      0.97%     22.19% |          89      1.09%     23.28% |         215      2.63%     25.91% |          96      1.17%     27.08% |          89      1.09%     28.17% |         100      1.22%     29.40% |          98      1.20%     30.59% |         121      1.48%     32.07% |         181      2.21%     34.29% |         166      2.03%     36.32% |         121      1.48%     37.80% |         195      2.38%     40.18% |          96      1.17%     41.35% |         144      1.76%     43.12% |         166      2.03%     45.15% |         112      1.37%     46.52% |          72      0.88%     47.40% |         191      2.34%     49.73% |          88      1.08%     50.81% |          93      1.14%     51.94% |         115      1.41%     53.35% |         146      1.79%     55.14% |         248      3.03%     58.17% |         124      1.52%     59.68% |         125      1.53%     61.21% |         173      2.12%     63.33% |         237      2.90%     66.23% |         121      1.48%     67.71% |         151      1.85%     69.55% |         248      3.03%     72.58% |          91      1.11%     73.70% |         154      1.88%     75.58% |          93      1.14%     76.72% |         137      1.68%     78.39% |         120      1.47%     79.86% |         176      2.15%     82.01% |          97      1.19%     83.20% |         150      1.83%     85.03% |         142      1.74%     86.77% |         140      1.71%     88.48% |         215      2.63%     91.11% |         156      1.91%     93.02% |         116      1.42%     94.44% |         111      1.36%     95.79% |         188      2.30%     98.09% |          96      1.17%     99.27% |          60      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.PI.Writeback_Ack::total         8178                      
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.MC.Writeback_Ack |        5218      1.78%      1.78% |        4972      1.70%      3.47% |        5319      1.81%      5.29% |        5313      1.81%      7.10% |        4788      1.63%      8.73% |        5327      1.82%     10.55% |        5327      1.82%     12.37% |        5416      1.85%     14.21% |        4833      1.65%     15.86% |        4917      1.68%     17.54% |        5165      1.76%     19.30% |        4749      1.62%     20.92% |        6206      2.12%     23.04% |        4635      1.58%     24.62% |        4769      1.63%     26.24% |        5411      1.85%     28.09% |        4712      1.61%     29.69% |        4979      1.70%     31.39% |        4979      1.70%     33.09% |        4722      1.61%     34.70% |        5017      1.71%     36.41% |        5467      1.86%     38.28% |        5063      1.73%     40.00% |        5022      1.71%     41.71% |        4931      1.68%     43.40% |        4656      1.59%     44.98% |        4629      1.58%     46.56% |        5186      1.77%     48.33% |        4103      1.40%     49.73% |        4445      1.52%     51.25% |        5565      1.90%     53.14% |        4592      1.57%     54.71% |        4821      1.64%     56.35% |        5348      1.82%     58.18% |        5365      1.83%     60.01% |        6061      2.07%     62.07% |        4681      1.60%     63.67% |        4713      1.61%     65.28% |        4684      1.60%     66.87% |        4642      1.58%     68.46% |        4649      1.59%     70.04% |        4650      1.59%     71.63% |        5152      1.76%     73.38% |        4728      1.61%     75.00% |        4979      1.70%     76.70% |        4751      1.62%     78.32% |        4996      1.70%     80.02% |        4736      1.62%     81.63% |        4857      1.66%     83.29% |        4591      1.57%     84.86% |        4417      1.51%     86.36% |        4419      1.51%     87.87% |        4138      1.41%     89.28% |        4324      1.47%     90.75% |        4389      1.50%     92.25% |        4759      1.62%     93.87% |        4824      1.65%     95.52% |        4802      1.64%     97.16% |        4301      1.47%     98.62% |        4037      1.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.SC3_Controller.MC.Writeback_Ack::total       293247                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
